# Quest Data for Dungeons - Stratholme
# Generated: 2025-08-18 16:53:24
# Total quests: 18
# Comment scrape timestamp: 2025-08-18 17:16:29

Quest Extension	Name	Level	Required Level	Faction	Rewards	Category	Instructions	Progress	Start	End	Comment1	Comment2	Comment3	Comment4	Comment5
/?quest=5263	Above and Beyond	60 Dungeon	55	Both	8300 XP	Dungeons	Venture to Stratholme and destroy Baron Rivendare. Take his head and return to Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff. Head of Baron Rivendare	The Baron has slain more people than you have most likely seen in your lifetime.	Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff	Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff	This is continued by https://classicdb.ch/?quest=5264.	Must do these quests first: [quest=5251] choice of these rewards: [item=13243]	The key to doing that in a 5 man is to only pull the first one, and pull it to the very back. Then when an add wanders in you let it run to the back and then shackle it. Kill the add after the first one is done. After you kill the add you rest for mana. You always let them wander in on their own in a 5 man, unless you are very comfortable about pulling. Every one of the abominations will wander in on it's own, so you only need to pull the first one. Always stay at the back of entryway by the gate. This way when you kill the last Abom and Rammstien comes out (his aggro range is huge), you have enough time to let the casters regain mana before he charges the group. After Rammstien dies (try to remain back in the entryway still) the army of non-elite undead come after the group, AoE them, using any way you can to make them all stay in one spot. Warriors have Challenging Shout, Tauren have War Stomp, and Mages have that Frost Nova. Just make them all stay still for the AoE and you'll be fine. As soon as those guys die the REAL hard part comes. If you've never fought the 5 elite guards in a 5 man group before, then this will be very difficult. The key is to hold off on AoE until the tank establishes aggro on all the guards. Once the tank has the aggro under control you can AoE to your heart's content. A good idea is for the Mage to do the Frost Nova followed by Arcan Explosion until he's out of mana. Thus ends the Slaughterhouse Courtyard fun.	Performing the quest Above and Beyond in conjunction with 5 manning Riverdare will result in the 60th level questgiver with high dps and moderate hitpoints appearing to help you kill the baron. The medallion of faith can be picked up in a raid group during a live side strat run beforehand. The questgiver for above and beyond is found in the chapel near the dead side entrance.	Just did it today, alliance side: Group: All 60s -- Mage, Priest, Warrior, Paladin and Rogue Baron startegy: Everybody is armed with a shadow protection potion and have one mana/health pot ready. Paladin: Cocentration aura up to make sure priest/paladin heals don't get broken with constant damage. Job is to heal MT(Main Tank) and attack baron Rogue: Unload as much damage as possible to baron Mage: CC (crowd control) skeletons, make sure they all bunch up together so you don't waste mana also put dampen magic (improved) on everybody. Weakens the damage even more. Priest: Shadow Protection buff and main healer. Keeps maintank alive Warrior: Uses sunder and keeps aggro on him. Main tank. Important part is to let the warrior build up aggro. Don't all attack at the same time. Wait for a few secs for baron to cocentrate on MT and then start fighting. Best of luck.
/?quest=5125	Aurius' Reckoning	60 Dungeon	55	Both	9950 XP | Pick: [Will of the Martyr, Blood of the Martyr]	Dungeons	N/A	N/A	Aurius	Aurius	After turning in [url=?item=12845]Medallion of Faith[/url] to Aurius in the beginning (gained by looting a [url=?object=176112]chest[/url] in Stratholme Living side) he will come aid you at the fight against Baron. Upon defeating him you will get the choice between these two fine things.	The Medallion of Faith is found in Human Strathholm about a third of the way into the actual 'scarlet crusade' part, inside of a small chest in a side room on the left of a hallway - this room contains a named mob that is for a quest (no loot, and I forget his name). Once someone has the medallion, you must assemble an Undead Strat group or raid. Only one person in the group needs the medallion I believe everyone that has not already completed the quest will be elgibile for the reward if you are successful. I was able to complete the quest while I still had my own medallion after our priest turned theirs in to start the quest. Aurius himself is inside of the small building (a church) just inside of UD Strat. Speak with him to start the quest for that instance. If you fail to slay the baron, you will need to obtain a new medallion (or find someone else that has it to group with). Once started, you must clear UD Strat and kill the Baron. Partway throught the fight, Aurius shows up and attacks the baron - it is to my understanding that he will also heal members of your party, as he is a paladin. Once the baron is down, Aurius collapses and allows you to complete the quest, choosing either the necklace or ring for your reward. There as no faction reward for me at high Honored, but it did yeild 6800 exp at 60. I have not yet checked to see if I would be able to repeat the quest or do it in a raid - I did it in a great 5-man group.	The Medallion of Faith is found in Human Strathholm about a third of the way into the actual 'scarlet crusade' part, inside of a small chest in a side room on the left of a hallway - this room contains a named mob that is for a quest (no loot, and I forget his name). Once someone has the medallion, you must assemble an Undead Strat group or raid. Only one person in the group needs the medallion I believe everyone that has not already completed the quest will be elgibile for the reward if you are successful. I was able to complete the quest while I still had my own medallion after our priest turned theirs in to start the quest. Aurius himself is inside of the small building (a church) just inside of UD Strat. Speak with him to start the quest for that instance. If you fail to slay the baron, you will need to obtain a new medallion (or find someone else that has it to group with). Once started, you must clear UD Strat and kill the Baron. Partway throught the fight, Aurius shows up and attacks the baron - it is to my understanding that he will also heal members of your party, as he is a paladin. Once the baron is down, Aurius collapses and allows you to complete the quest, choosing either the necklace or ring for your reward. There as no faction reward for me at high Honored, but it did yeild 6800 exp at 60. I have not yet checked to see if I would be able to repeat the quest or do it in a raid - I did it in a great 5-man group. Edited, Sat Nov 5 00:12:21 2005	Aurius is at the chapel, just as you enter to the UD side from the backdoor.	This quest must be bugged, because I actually got the reward for it and I never even had it. As best as I can tell, someone in our raid group had the quest and when we killed the Baron, the NPC allowed me to claim the reward. I did talk to the NPC in the chapel, but never accepted nor completed any quest for him, and I never left the raid group. I did however get the necklace and credit for completeing the quest.
/?quest=8945	Dead Man's Plea	60 Dungeon	58	Both	8300 XP | Item: Ysida's Satchel	Dungeons	Go into Stratholme and rescue Ysida Harmon from Baron Rivendare.	Tell me, is Ysida alive?	Anthion Harmon	Ysida Harmon	Just to let everybody know a few things about this quest: 1. It is completely possible for a group equipped entirely in blues to complete this quest successfully.&nbsp I personally have never done it, but I have started my own timer with the Baron's and we've done it in 56 minutes and that was with a lot of scrweing around, a few 'AFK for a min', and even 1 complete wipe (luckily we had a shaman with us and she Reincarnated and we got back going in a couple of minutes). 2. You do not actually have to KILL the Baron within the 45 minute timer.&nbsp All you have to do within the 45 minute timer is have each player in your group who is on this quest 'tap' Rivendare.&nbsp After this you can wipe, corpse run, east dinner, smoke a cigarette, have sex with your girlfriend, wash your car, then come back and finish the Baron off and you will still successfully complete the quest.&nbsp Now I know some people are going to call 'bull&*!@' on me on that one, but I have a guildie who has successfully completed multiple 45 minute Baron runs and he swears this is the case. 3. A few of the people above posted about how to pull this instance and for the most part they were entirely correct.&nbsp I'll throw my 2 cents in here on that matter.&nbsp First, when you go through the gate right after receiving 'The Baron's Ultimatum' there will be an area with a lot of banshees, crypt beasts, and a 3 gargoyle patrols going back and forth.&nbsp My advice is if you can grab one of the gargoyle patrols without waiting for it, do so.&nbsp They seem to have an ungodly aggro range and for some reason you seem to get all 3 if you get 1.&nbsp Pulling with counterspell seems to be the best way to pull these mobs back to you as the banshees, crypt beasts, and gargoyles all have ranged attacks. 4. Avoid as many fights as you safely can.&nbsp The only area I strongly recommend clearing fully is around the Baroness cause she can do some crazy things to your party.&nbsp As a side note to that, if you have any abilities that are on a timer that could potentially mess over your party (read: warrior intimidating shout), use them AS SOON AS you engage the Baroness, otherwise if you get mind controlled you can be sure she'll use them.&nbsp I have had many a Baron run get messed up because I got mind controlled and feared 3 of my party members into 3 different groups of mobs. 5. I think the best way to tackle the mini-bosses is Nerub'enkan, Baroness, then the Pallid guy.&nbsp After this you will have to deal with Barthilas, Rammstein, and finally Baron Rivendare himself.&nbsp I can honestly say Rivendare might be the EASIEST boss in the instance.&nbsp Have your tank pull him to the right side of the room and have somebody ready to AOE the skeletons as soon as they appear.&nbsp If you don't have a warlock or mage in your party make sure you raid the supply crates and everybody in your party (other than the main tank) has a couple of Stratholme Holy Waters and take turns using them to get rid of the skeletons. 6. The last piece of advice I would like to give is this.&nbsp If you wipe at any point before killing the Baroness (assuming you followed my order of boss killing), go back outside and have your party leader reset the instance.&nbsp If you wipe before the Baroness chances are your party got a bad break on an add, a stupid pull, or one of Blizzard's famous 8:00 pm CDT lag spikes that royally screwed you over.&nbsp It only takes a maximum of 25 minutes to get to the Baroness (only 15 of that being on the timer) if you take the side entrance to the instance, so you won't be wasting a ton of time running the same parts of the instance over and over.&nbsp Not to mention the number of scourgestones you'll be racking up killing those pesky undead over and over. Well, I think that's all the advice I have on this quest.&nbsp As soon as I have all of the pieces of my Valor set that I need I'll be trying it out myself.&nbsp Wish me luck, and I wish you luck, even those of you who unthinkingly decided to roll alliance. =P Labiche 60 Warrior Horde side Illidan server 300 enchanter send me a /tell in game if you need anything	ok first of all, what a rush.... must have been the most intensive 45 mins in my WoW experience. We had me (60 rogue with mostly blue items, but a good pve sword combat build), one rogue roughly same items/build as me, then an uber full epic-geared&nbsp rogue, an uber full epic-geared priest and a warrior with a few epics rest blue items. In the beginning i doubted we would make it within the timelimit. Killing the baroness took longer than usual because she first took over our priest, then our epic-geared rogue (using most of his cooldown making him a pain to take down)... however we had a good pace at killing everything else... the priest would either shacklepull or pull with dots while we were fighting. You dont have time to wait for pulls... When we reached the patch-dudes we had 15 mins left on the clock so we took it abit easy from there.... however... I died on rammstein because i got too impatient not letting the tank build up enough aggro... the plan we had on the mass-skeleton part was that me and the priest had to use our holy waters + the rest using whatever trinkets/dynamite they had... so my death could have been fatal for the mass-undead part... but thanks to a fantastic healing job done by our priest and a great tanking warrior we prevailed... the quest vanished when i died but reappeared when the Baron announced our last chance (5 mins remaining). We fought the baron with all of us standing close to him, with me and the priest using each our holy waters for the skeleton spawns, needless to say the baron died very quickly with this group setup ) Step by step, here is the route we took AND you have to be constantly moving ofcourse and know exactly where the next 'checkpoint' is to get as little downtime as possible: 1) The first arachna boss to the left down the street, avoiding the group to HIS left. 2) Baroness, avoiding the mobs to her left (back in the corner of the street), also after you've cleared that tower try to avoid the mobs standing at your groups right side as you proceed to the narrow alley to the third boss. 3) After finishing off the third boss (perhaps without aggroing the group at the far side of the stairs to that tower), try to cut through this open area taking out as few groups as possible, then hug the wall on the right side when heading towards the flesh-patched dudes. 4) The rest is about how much time you have left... we had roughly 15 mins left when we pulled the first patched horror, and two mins left on the timer when the baron died. We lost some time me dying and the group almost wiping at the mass-skeleton fight, but 30 mins from the start of the timer to the fleshy horror area is very good methinks.	This is the infamous '45-minute Strat' run that many have tried and few have beaten. It's part of the Dungeon Set 2 (Tier 0.5) upgrade quest chain, so it's appropriately difficult. In order to pull this off successfully, you need to know how to cut the right corners: 1. you do not need (or want) to pull every group of mobs that you would normally pull on a Strat dead run. Walk around every group you possibly can. Battle the fewest number of enemies possible. 2. do not loot anything (except - maybe! - for the minibosses). You do not have the time to roll for random greens, but more importantly, if it takes you 3s to loot a mob and you loot 100 over the course of the run, that's 5 full minutes used. The timer is too tight to justify 5 minutes of looting. 3. start the next pull before the current mob is dead. The DPS players (specifically rogues and hunters) should basically have no downtime throughout the run. The only breaks you should take are for the casters to drink up, and even then you should only drop out of combat long enough for them to start. 4. most importantly and most obviously, remember to concentrate your firepower on a single target before moving onto the next one. That actually applies to every group, but people seem to forget easily. Unfortunately a good part of this run is luck. With that said, best of luck to you. :)	It is not impossible. It takes practice. Those who are used to doing only 15 and 10 man's are going to have a hard time since you don't ever learn how to play your character effectively in raids. You just have to play smart and communicate a plan with the rest of your group. It would be hard in a PUG but not impossible as long as 2 people knew what they were doing. Level 60 is a must here. Don't even think of bringing a 58 or 59. I have completed this 2 times now. First time took 7 tries and then we finally got it down. Priest, pally, warrior, rogue x2. Pulled Baron with 3 seconds to go. Too many deaths caused the last second pull. Mostly blues, couple of world epics and two or three end game epics in the whole party. Second time I completed this, took some other guildies through. Priest, pally (who just sat in melee most of the time), warrior, mage, rogue. Pulled Baron with 3 min to go (even with a pally not healing and one death). Mostly blues and a few world epics. Two people had one zg epic each and 1 tier 1 piece. With a mage, it is MUCH easier. Silence pulls are key with the banshees and screechers. If you don't have any silencers, use the corners to get out of site and pull them to you. Even though this party wasn't as strong since the pally wasn't healing and pulling and listening very well and we had one accidental pull, we still finished with 3 min to spare. The key more than anything is CHAIN PULLING. You are never fighting less than 2 - 3 mobs at a time. Two healers take turns drinking while the other is pulling/healing. Mobs down to half health? SHACKLE PULL! Gargoyle incoming? Get him in the fray. Melee should be in battle for almost the full 45 min. PATH TO TAKE: ------------- **Enter second gate, timer starts (btw, if you die u lose the debuff but it will come back at 10 min and 5 min), open next gate and clear all pats and groups in the open area. **Now head to [b]Nerub'enkan[/b] (left). Pull only mobs in your way. Kill boss, clear the ziggarat. **Head to baroness. Clear ONLY what you have to. Pull [b]Baroness[/b] and hide behind a corner to pull her to the room you cleared initially. MAKE SURE WARRIOR DOES NOT HAVE AGRO for baroness fight. If your warrior gets mind controled, it will take too long to widdle him/her down to get them un MC'ed. [b]You should clear the second ziggarat with 30 min still on timer.[/b] **Head up the alley to [b]Maleki[/b]. Again pull only what is needed. **Head to abominations. [b]You should be pulling your first abominations at 15 min. No less. [/b] **After Ramstein and the masses of undead, you have a 30 - 45 second wait until the doors open and the 5 elite skelly guards come out. Take this time to rebuff, change armor, get pots ready, etc. **Defeat skellies, run in Barons room, drink quick and move in! By the way, this is by far the hardest part of the quest chain other than the final boss (from what I've heard anyway). I wish they would've put in a few more challenges like this. We are now at the last two quests before we complete our set. Most of the rest of the quests are grind farming and mat collecting. A few summoning of bosses which give out some KILLER LOOTZ tho! Got myself a ring with 7 def, 7 str, and 13 stam off of Kormok in Scholo! Good luck to all and gratz to Blizz for an EXCELLENT quest that taught me to be an even better player!	if you are having trouble with what to kill, this helps a lot [url=http://www.faultymoose.com/gauntlet.jpg]http://www.faultymoose.com/gauntlet.jpg[/url] Upperclass - Gorefiend
/?quest=5243	Houses of the Holy	60 Dungeon	55	Both	6600 XP | Pick: [Crown of the Penitent (1.3), Band of the Penitent] | Item: Superior Healing Potion 5 | Item: Greater Mana Potion 5	Dungeons	Travel to Stratholme, in the north. Search the supply crates that litter the city and recover 5 Stratholme Holy Water. Return to Leonid Barthalomew the Revered when you have collected enough of the blessed fluid. Stratholme Holy Water (5)	Be wary, not all supply crates will have survived the destruction of the city. The Scourge dare not touch the water but surely the holy water will not prevent vermin infestations.	Leonid Barthalomew the Revered	Leonid Barthalomew the Revered	The name of this quest is also the name of Led Zeppelin's 5th album from 1973.	Am I the only one who started thinking of Led Zeppelin? They have album and a song of same name. Gotta love Blizzard and their popular culture references :)	If you are a dwarf, use find treasure and on the mini map it will show a dot for the holy water in the crate. It will only show crates with items in it on the mini map and not bad crates.	U can get the water whether 5 man or not.	UD. in crates
/?quest=5463	Menethil's Gift	60 Dungeon	57	Both	6600 XP	Dungeons	Travel to Stratholme and find Menethil's Gift. Place the Keepsake of Remembrance upon the unholy ground. Keepsake of Remembrance Provided Item: Keepsake of Remembrance	The area around Menethil's Gift is exceptionally cold.	Leonid Barthalomew the Revered	Menethil's Gift	[url=http://img219.imageshack.us/img219/3201/menethilsgift2ba.jpg]http://img219.imageshack.us/img219/3201/menethilsgift2ba.jpg[/url]	This is the symbol on the floor in Baron Rivendare's room in Stratholme.	Kill Baron in strat.&nbsp You will see a big mark on the ground, pentagram. This is the unholy ground walk to it and click it gear/wheel icon will appear.	I never realized the implications of this line until just the other day when doing this on an alt: '[b]The Lich King stood over[/b] the fallen mage'	Did it 5 man last night. I did it before baron..stood at door and didnt aggro baron.Easy stuff :-)
/?quest=5848	Of Love and Family	60 Dungeon	52	Both	6600 XP	Dungeons	Travel to Stratholme, in the northern part of the Plaguelands. It is in the Scarlet Bastion that you will find the painting 'Of Love and Family,' hidden behind another painting depicting the twin moons of our world. Return the painting to Tirion Fordring. Of Love and Family	The painting, <name>. Do you have the painting?	Artist Renfray	Tirion Fordring	Live Strath, Archivist's Room.	I am just a bit disappointed that this interesting quest line, which can be easily soloed on 5 of the 6 steps well before level 58 required for the dungeon, requires the getting together of a group to go into scarlet (live) Stratholme ....a dungeon very few people go to any more since the expansion came out.&nbsp Yes, at the same time as doing this quest line solo could maybe be in hellfire penninsula instead, but I have never been in Stratholme, and did not plan on going since the expansion...now, to follow this mission, I need to get a solid enough group to get to the second-last fight (if I understand correctly the order of the encounters). From what little I have read of the outland quest lines, very very few have any kind of interesting back story or depth involved....they are just flimsy excuses for 'phat lewt' that puts most MC/ZG/AQ gear to shame.&nbsp This one and the Darrowshire quest trajectory seem very involved and interesting, irregardless of the (now) inferior quest rewards. Must have made sense to do this at one time in the past...prompt people to go to dungeons.....now it is most unfortunate that the 'old school' dungeons (Scholomance, Stratholme, Dire Maul, Blackrock Spire) just are not at all interesting places to visit for the vast majority of players. Fingers crossed to find some guildies/others who have a hanckering for some old time dungeoneering!	Lot of comments on getting a group to 5-man this.&nbsp You should be near 60 if you are running this anyway - how did you get that high and not make any friends?&nbsp No guildmates?&nbsp I am not a social person, but... I know enough people to get a good group together or get one scheduled pretty much anytime.&nbsp All I can say is go out - meet people, make friends - its a MMPORPG.&nbsp If you get in a PUG with a good player - stay in contact with them.&nbsp Just drop a 'hi' once in awhile when you pass by them, drop them a 'hey _____, Im getting a group together to ______, wanna come along?' - so they remember who you are.&nbsp Keep doing things like that, be nice, be respectful and - poof - you start getting a competant group you can run with once in awhile.&nbsp Just my opinion - ok back to the quest.	it is in the archivist's room on the right hand side when you enter.&nbsp The room right before final boss on scarlet side.&nbsp	the painting is on the right wall when you walk in after Killing the Archivist. Should look like 3 moons I believe. just click on it and take your painting.
/?quest=6163	Ramstein	60 Dungeon	56	Horde	6600 XP | Item: Elemental Circle	Dungeons	Travel to Stratholme and slay Ramstein the Gorger. Take his head as a souvenir for Nathanos. Head of Ramstein the Gorger	After Sylvanas freed me, I hunted the beast across these wastes for months. It fled to the safety of Stratholme. The bastard...	Nathanos Blightcaller	Nathanos Blightcaller	This should help a lot to all of those who are wondering what prereqs there are. I had tof igure this out myself because all the other people just posted about something else. You have to do ALL THREE quests given by Nathanos. Then he'll give you TWO more to kill level 60 and 61 elites. You have to do them BOTH. Then he gives out the Ramstein quest.	This should help a lot to all of those who are wondering what prereqs there are.&nbsp I had tof igure this out myself because all the other people just posted about something else. You have to do ALL THREE quests given by Nathanos.&nbsp Then he'll give you TWO more to kill level 60 and 61 elites.&nbsp You have to do them BOTH.&nbsp Then he gives out the Ramstein quest.	A tip for those who haven't reached end-game: Resistances will be important. The blue ring might work for you now, but you'll get much better soon enough. The resistance ring is an OK fire resistance ring, but it also has FROST resistance. Do you know for sure that you will never need Frost resistance? Are you sure? (Hint: the Naxxramas instance in 1.11 will require frost resistance). Even if you don't need it today, get the resist ring and keep it. There are only a few FrR rings in the game, and this quest isn't repeatable.	Get a green ring 'of fire resistance' off the AH instead of this quest reward. It's very easy to find something better than +10. Even level 30-40 rings should be.	He is on the Undead side, just before the Baron. Need a 5 man group Pre-requs are gotten from Nathanos, need to do a fair few quests before you can get this...
/?quest=6163	Ramstein	60 Dungeon	56	Horde	6600 XP | Pick: [Royal Seal of Alexis, Elemental Circle]	Dungeons	Travel to Stratholme and slay Ramstein the Gorger. Take his head as a souvenir for Nathanos. Head of Ramstein the Gorger	After Sylvanas freed me, I hunted the beast across these wastes for months. It fled to the safety of Stratholme. The bastard...	Nathanos Blightcaller	Nathanos Blightcaller	This should help a lot to all of those who are wondering what prereqs there are. I had tof igure this out myself because all the other people just posted about something else. You have to do ALL THREE quests given by Nathanos. Then he'll give you TWO more to kill level 60 and 61 elites. You have to do them BOTH. Then he gives out the Ramstein quest.	This should help a lot to all of those who are wondering what prereqs there are.&nbsp I had tof igure this out myself because all the other people just posted about something else. You have to do ALL THREE quests given by Nathanos.&nbsp Then he'll give you TWO more to kill level 60 and 61 elites.&nbsp You have to do them BOTH.&nbsp Then he gives out the Ramstein quest.	A tip for those who haven't reached end-game: Resistances will be important. The blue ring might work for you now, but you'll get much better soon enough. The resistance ring is an OK fire resistance ring, but it also has FROST resistance. Do you know for sure that you will never need Frost resistance? Are you sure? (Hint: the Naxxramas instance in 1.11 will require frost resistance). Even if you don't need it today, get the resist ring and keep it. There are only a few FrR rings in the game, and this quest isn't repeatable.	Get a green ring 'of fire resistance' off the AH instead of this quest reward. It's very easy to find something better than +10. Even level 30-40 rings should be.	He is on the Undead side, just before the Baron. Need a 5 man group Pre-requs are gotten from Nathanos, need to do a fair few quests before you can get this...
/?quest=5213	The Active Agent	60 Dungeon	55	Both	6850 XP | Item: Seal of the Dawn (1.7)	Dungeons	Travel to Stratholme and search the ziggurats. Find and return new Scourge Data to Betina Bigglezink. Scourge Data	We are on the verge of discovering what this new active plague agent may be!	Betina Bigglezink	Betina Bigglezink	[url=http://img177.imageshack.us/img177/4697/scouragedata9cm.jpg]http://img177.imageshack.us/img177/4697/scouragedata9cm.jpg[/url]	Just wanted to add that all party members can loot the scourge data, the tiny box does NOT disappear. In my party 3 guys looted it.	You will find the data in a box that randomly spawns in the Ziggurats. They can spawn in Nerub'Enkan's Ziggurat, Baroness Anastari's Ziggurat or in Maleki's Ziggurat	Having the rune means you can throw away the argent dawn commision?	The Quest item ( small box ) its has random spawn place! its inside one off the 3 ziggurats! I found it in the first! guild mate found it in the 2nd other guild mates found them in 3 and 2nd etc! so ergo its not always in the last one! Random spawn places for the quest! iynx Server : sunstrider Nice quest reward!
/?quest=5213	The Active Agent	60 Dungeon	55	Both	6850 XP | Pick: [Seal of the Dawn (1.7), Rune of the Dawn]	Dungeons	Travel to Stratholme and search the ziggurats. Find and return new Scourge Data to Betina Bigglezink. Scourge Data	We are on the verge of discovering what this new active plague agent may be!	Betina Bigglezink	Betina Bigglezink	[url=http://img177.imageshack.us/img177/4697/scouragedata9cm.jpg]http://img177.imageshack.us/img177/4697/scouragedata9cm.jpg[/url]	Just wanted to add that all party members can loot the scourge data, the tiny box does NOT disappear. In my party 3 guys looted it.	You will find the data in a box that randomly spawns in the Ziggurats. They can spawn in Nerub'Enkan's Ziggurat, Baroness Anastari's Ziggurat or in Maleki's Ziggurat	Having the rune means you can throw away the argent dawn commision?	The Quest item ( small box ) its has random spawn place! its inside one off the 3 ziggurats! I found it in the first! guild mate found it in the 2nd other guild mates found them in 3 and 2nd etc! so ergo its not always in the last one! Random spawn places for the quest! iynx Server : sunstrider Nice quest reward!
/?quest=5251	The Archivist	60 Dungeon	55	Both	8300 XP	Dungeons	Travel to Stratholme and find Archivist Galford of the Scarlet Crusade. Destroy him and burn down the Scarlet Archive. Archivist Galford slain Archive Burned	Remember, <name> - we must be tolerant yet rigid in our beliefs!	Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff	Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff	Simple enough quest, but pay attention if you have the Other Quest in this area, 'Of Love And Family,' <<https://classicdb.ch/?quest=5848>> Because Once you Burn the Archive, The Painting <<https://classicdb.ch/?item=14679z0zc>> Burns too! You gotta get the Painting before you Burn the Archive and if you have no room in your bags, don't be impatient like I was!	This leads to the Balnazzar quest but, you don't get it at Lights Hope. After you turn in the Archivist quest, go back to Human Stratholme another time and kill the Grand Crusader/Balnazzar and he will drop his head (Item starts a quest). Take this back to lights hope and you will get the Baron quest. Rewards are as follows: [blue][url=/item=13246]Argent Avenger[/url][/blue] [url=/item=13249]Argent Crusader (Aweseome staff)[/url] [url=/item=13243]Argent Defender[/url] Edited, Wed Jul 13 23:12:22 2005	No, after turning in the archivist quest, you go back to strat live and kill the end guy and loot his head. His head starts the quest that gets you the avenger.	Must do this quest before you are able to loot Balnazzar's Head.	Your Reputation with Argent Dawn greatly increases when completing this quest.
/?quest=5212	The Flesh Does Not Lie	60 Dungeon	55	Both	6600 XP	Dungeons	Recover 10 Plagued Flesh Samples from Stratholme and return them to Betina Bigglezink. You suspect that any creature in Stratholme would have said flesh sample. Plagued Flesh Sample (10)	Some say I worry too much - to them I say, 'You don't worry enough!'	Betina Bigglezink	Betina Bigglezink	One advice if you want to complete this quest within one run, DONT SHARE QUEST ! =D&nbsp D=	I found this quest very easy. In one run, I got all 20 before getting to the abomination part. Probably only got em all because no one else had the quest, though. Some of the Crypt guys and bosses drop several.	Took me 4 runs, got them all from the plagued guys there - all 5man runs. The drop rate might be 'slight' but at this level, and given that Strath has good loot, it was a pleasure. I got a new helm and finished 2 other quests while doing it...	as of dec 21, 2007 this quest only requires 10x Plagued Flesh Sample. Previously it required 20 (long time ago is all that i know for sure) -xkq	If you don't have all 20 flesh samples from the first run -- you should be able to finish this quest in two runs. Grab all the other quests at LCH too before you go in. Very easy quest chain to get a better trinket for gathering scourgestones and fighting undead. Also it's easy AD rep.
/?quest=5214	The Great Fras Siabi	60 Dungeon	55	Both	8550 XP | Item: Smokey's Lighter	Dungeons	Find Fras Siabi's smoke shop in Stratholme and recover a box of Siabi's Premium Tobacco. Return to Smokey LaRue when the job is done. Siabi's Premium Tobacco	I can't take it, <name>! You gotta help me! I'm dying!	Smokey LaRue	Smokey LaRue	Adding a comment here since I finally found a competent 5 and completed this quest after having it on the log for months--Yes, just keep turning left and the store is in that dead end. No, you cannot complete this in raid, as with almost all other quests as of recent patches. The dead end is naturally filled with mobs, and we found the Undead Courier there as well to kill him for the postbox keys. When you approach, the Great Fras Siabi himself shows up looking pretty ripe, and of course if you haven't cleared the area carefully and thoroughly first, you're in a position to get owned, which we almost did. Also don't screw around with the postbox until you're ready, as that spawns 3 elites too. After Fras is put down, everybody can loot the tobacco box for the win. The Lighter isn't all that--with the exception of the fact that it doesn't get you drunk, it's graphically and effect-similar to Thunderbrew's Boot Flask. Yet another novelty trinket taking up space in the bank. If you're 5-manning Scarlet Strath, you might as well do this one as the dead end isn't very much additional work once you've cleared the street to that point anyway. It's not in itself a reason to do Scarlet Strath in 5, as the quest ends there and doesn't follow on to my knowledge. This, Flesh Does Not Lie, and Restless Souls are all pretty easy to complete in the first half-hour of the instance (Flesh is a drop quest so your mileage may vary).	IMPORTANT: The above text sort of obscures this very important point for people who skim. Fighting Siabi will cause any loose undead in the vicinity to come to his aid. I found this out the hard way.	This quest is named after Lead Quest Designer [url=http://www.wowwiki.com/Alex_Afrasiabi]Alex Afrasiabi[/url], if anyone was wondering.	As u enter Strat Scarlet u must kill every mob up until the tobacco. to get to the tobacco u turn left then left again and its to the right of the well thing. But plz ensure u have killed all the mobs on the way to the tobacco. Once u have opened the box a guy will spawn and u kill him, he is lvl 61/62 elite an he drops the tobacco..........hope this help :)	No, you cannot complete this in raid, as with almost all other quests as of recent patches. The dead end is naturally filled with mobs, and we found the Undead Courier there as well to kill him for the postbox keys. When you approach, the Great Fras Siabi himself shows up looking pretty ripe, and of course if you haven't cleared the area carefully and thoroughly first, you're in a position to get owned, which we almost did. Also don't screw around with the postbox until you're ready, as that spawns 3 elites too. After Fras is put down, everybody can loot the tobacco box for the win. The Lighter isn't all that--with the exception of the fact that it doesn't get you drunk, it's graphically and effect-similar to Thunderbrew's Boot Flask. Yet another novelty trinket taking up space in the bank. If you're 5-manning Scarlet Strath, you might as well do this one as the dead end isn't very much additional work once you've cleared the street to that point anyway. It's not in itself a reason to do Scarlet Strath in 5, as the quest ends there and doesn't follow on to my knowledge. This, Flesh Does Not Lie, and Restless Souls are all pretty easy to complete in the first half-hour of the instance (Flesh is a drop quest so your mileage may vary).
/?quest=8968	The Left Piece of Lord Valthalak's Amulet	60 Dungeon	58	Both	8300 XP	Dungeons	Use the Brazier of Beckoning to summon forth Jarien and Sothos and slay them. Return to Bodley inside Blackrock Mountain with the Left Piece of Lord Valthalak's Amulet and the Brazier of Beckoning. Jarien slain Sothos slain Left Piece of Lord Valthalak's Amulet Brazier of Beckoning Provided Item: Brazier of Beckoning	Does this mean then, <class>, that you've already put the souls of those two fools to rest and retrieved the left piece of Lord Valthalak's amulet?	Bodley	Bodley	This one I would label as the most difficult. It is the last boss in Strat Live that you have to get to and down to get the summon.&nbsp So if you happen to wipe on the encounter, you may run into respawns :\ I got them on the third attempt.&nbsp :(&nbsp The first time we actually killed them but I died during the fight and so did everyone that could rez :\&nbsp on the run back, ran into some issues and by the time I got back the bodies were gone. 2nd time we wiped completely and had to fight our way back.&nbsp And they were both still in the room. The strat we used on the 2nd/3rd attempt was pretty simple.&nbsp The one with out a shield has a nasty cleave so you want to keep her away from the party.&nbsp The first time we had our feral druid offtank her away from everyone but he went down as did our Proctection tank.&nbsp So on the 2nd attempt we switched the tanking spots.&nbsp The cleave almost got me during the 3rd fight but she went down. And the one with the shield does come to help fight.&nbsp I didn't notice him the first time I tried the event but that last time I noticed. The shield one randomly charges, throws shadowbolts and fears.&nbsp Not too bad to dps down though.	I had a well set of grouped people. 2 Rogues including myself, 1 priest, 1 druid, 1 hunter. Def. isolate the non-shielded (The Woman) from the group while killing the shielded (The man) first. So your going to need two types of tanks or do some sort of off-tank.&nbsp Because of this info I was able to do it on the first try, and you get a reward as well. )	this wasn't too bad, did it with: green/blue 60 warrior blue/epic&nbsp 60 pally 6/8 darmantle&nbsp rogue (myself) all blue 60 mage all blue 60 priest like said above consentrate on the shielded guy first, once he's downed the girl is cake.&nbsp had mage keep using the ice to root them, had pally off tank girl and warrior w/ myself took guy w/ shield.&nbsp took a few minutes to take down the guy w/shield.&nbsp his cleave hurts too.&nbsp also the next part on alcaz island isn't too bad, did it w/ myself and 58 druid(healing).&nbsp just watch out for respawns, :P Shadowfenix Dunemaul Server	We did the 'twins' first time - these two are nowhere near as hard as Kormok the Ogre equivalent in Scholomance. Our party was warrior (combat spec), paladin, two rogues and a priest. We all took a Greater Shadow Protection potion, checking the logs afterwards I saw I had taken a lot of shadow damage so this may be the key as this saves a lot of healing mana for the priest. We summoned the two of them as soon as they turn attackable (after their little conversation) we all threw in a Holy water. Then the tank took Jarein, the sister (has no shield) and took him to one side of the room. The two rogues and the paladin then took Sothos to the other side and went max DPS with evasion popped when you pull aggro, then vanish when evasion runs out to lose aggro and start fighting again. When she is dead all DPS on Jarien. Sothos only managed to get a single fear off - at 3% - just a fraction of a second before I hit here with a 5pt eviserate. She when down as soon as her fear ran out. Neither of them can be stunned by rogues and all the spells appear to be instants and so you can't interrupt. I never saw the reported 'room wide cleave'. I and also never saw the reported 'Ghost of Sothos' joining in the fight.	Pretty well described in the two posts above. Kill Sothos first.. then work on Jarien.&nbsp Sothos will return in ghost form and fight with her.&nbsp Jarien's Cleave is NASTY. We took them on with druid healer and one tank.&nbsp Wiped with Jarien at 50% or so :-( ** UPDATE** Finished this 7/16 w/ Lock, hunter, rogue, shammy, and warrior.&nbsp Pets on Sothos and burn him down.&nbsp Tank her, Jarien, w/ back to group so she doesn't cleave everyone.&nbsp After Sothos dies, he does return in ghost form but shouldn't be a problem as long as your focus on Jarien.&nbsp Game over.. next. Blue bop mage/priest/lock robe dropped.&nbsp DE'd
/?quest=5122	The Medallion of Faith	60 Dungeon	55	Both		Dungeons	The power of this chapel gives me the strength to resist the corruption in my heart. If I leave it, I will become a death knight. But there is a medallion, the medallion of faith, that will give me the strength I need to leave. Please, <name>, retrieve the medallion. It is guarded by Malor the Zealous, a crazed member of the Scarlet Brotherhood who resides deep in the Scarlet Bastion in western Stratholme. Medallion of Faith	N/A	Aurius	Aurius	[i]The power of this chapel gives me the strength to resist the corruption in my heart. If I leave it, I will become a death knight. But there is a medallion, the medallion of faith, that will give me the strength I need to leave. Please, <Name>, retrieve the medallion. It is guarded by Malor the Zealous, a crazed member of the Scarlet Brotherhood who resides deep in the Scarlet Bastion in western Stratholme.[/i] Once you have retrieved the Medallion of Faith from the Scarlet area in Stratholme. Bring it back to Aurius who is in church near the back door entrance into Stratholme. After you have turned in the medallion he will later appear when you attack Baron Rivendare. He eventually dies and I believe anybody nearby can get a complete quest after talking to him. Edited, Tue Feb 15 11:35:07 2005	Leads to Aurius' Reckoning: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=5125	Can this be done in a 10 man, or does it have to be a 5 man Baron run? See as the quest info above is a bit lacking. Not refering to you Thorsten.	Just a note - The medallion isn't tagged as quest/lore/bop/unique or anything, so you can pick it up without being on any quest, and can trade it around as well.	You hand this quest in in Strat UD, right in the beginning you can see a house on the right and a man there. I have a question when I turn this quest in but DON'T MAKE IT TO BARON on the same run do I have to get the medallion from Scarlet side again?
/?quest=5282	The Restless Souls	60 Dungeon	55	Both	8850 XP | Item: Testament of Hope	Dungeons	Use Egan's Blaster on the ghostly and spectral citizens of Stratholme. When the restless souls break free from their ghostly shells, use the blaster again - freedom will be theirs! Free 15 Restless Souls and return to Egan. Souls Freed (15) Provided Item: Egan's Blaster	Compassion is what separates us from the animals, <name>. Remember that...	Egan	Egan	OK here is what to do: Target ghost, use zapper on them, it aggros them but they die after about 10 secs. Then 1-4 (I had 4 at least twice) 'Restless souls' appear. You target one, use zapper again and again after 10 seconds they say 'thanks to egan' 'rivendare must die' etc and become 'freed souls' repeat x15 and you do quest. It was slightly bugged for me and stuck on 14/15 but when I logged out/in it was completed.	I can't believe nobody's mentioned the Ghostbusters reference with Egan, not to mention how the blaster looks when you fire it. 'Don't cross the streams!'	Some additional information: You can stand (at 59, anyhow) right near the entrance inside of the Live side, and not get aggro from the first pull ofr level 55-56 skeletons. If you look forward, you can see where the wall for the gates stop and the hallway begins. This is where you want to be. Be careful about running too far ahead, because the gates for the entrance close down behind you, and the only way out is hearthing (or dying). Be careful, because if you don't tag the mob immediately with the blaster when they're in range, they might walk out of range before the 2.5 seconds of channeling that's required elapses. You can stop some of them with /dance, but(!) they will not allow you to tag them with the blaster, while they're dancing, so it's kind of pointless. The mob will run at you, and maybe get in a hit before it 'explodes' into often one, but I've gotten up to four, wisps that are Restless Spirits. These spirits will flicker around pretty wildly, and you have to tag them again with the blaster to get credit. The channeling effect will make it so that you will always be pointing at the spirit, so you don't have to manually try to keep it in front of you. Timing from my chat log, the Spectral Citizens show up roughly 8-9 minutes apart, so assuming you only get one wisp per pull, that's 2 hours of sitting at the entrance. I managed to get all mine in just over an hour, though (one pull had 3, another had 4 wisps).	I actually solo'd this quest. Snuck into Stratholme from the main gate, snuck in cat form up to this little alcove by a tree on the left when you first go in... stood there and waited as ghostly and spectral citizens wandered past every few minutes... when they did, blasted 'em and got my 15 souls! Nobody was online so I decided to try it solo and was amazed it worked. Was especially amazed I didn't get any aggro from the zombie a mere few feet away from me where I was at.	I was able to solo stealth in to the spot specified above (the tree on the left, right before the first intersection starting from the front door.) I pathed along the left wall from the front door, then to the center of the road, and then to the spot near the tree. Beware the crate on the left before the first building, because bugs can come out.&nbsp While you are there an Eye will also probably spawn. So don't stand in the middle of the road. Once you get to spot you can safely stay there. The citizens walk by every few minutes and you will have several seconds to get them targeted and use the gun.&nbsp Using the gun does not create any aggro.&nbsp One to three spirits can be saved per citizen.
/?quest=8991	The Right Piece of Lord Valthalak's Amulet	60 Dungeon	58	Both	8300 XP	Dungeons	Use the Brazier of Beckoning to summon forth Jarien and Sothos and slay them. Return to Bodley inside Blackrock Mountain with the recombined Lord Valthalak's Amulet and the Brazier of Beckoning. Jarien slain Sothos slain Lord Valthalak's Amulet Brazier of Beckoning Provided Item: Brazier of Beckoning	Does this mean then, <class>, that you've already put the souls of those two fools to rest and recombined the pieces of Lord Valthalak's amulet?	Bodley	Bodley	This group is not that tough of a fight if you do it right! As said above Sothos has AoE fear and a charge ability to the next highest person on the aggro meter, also he has Shadowbolt volley (AoE whole party). Jarien has mortal strike and heroic strike. [b]Group Makeup[/b] 1 HEALER 2 TANKS (or pally / druid) 2 DPS CLASSES [b]STRATEGY[/b] Have a tank charge Sothos and remain in room have a second plate wearer (or feral druid) get Jarien out into the hall. The big problem is the tank, who is on Sothos when he gets feared Sothos will go to the next person on the aggro meter, this usually is the priest unless of course you decide to take him down first. Which is a good idea if your group is more range damage. If not my suggestion is to just leave a warrior on him and burn down Jarien first. The warrior on sothos should be using beserker rage as often as possible they don't hit too hard so your priest shouldn't have to worry about healing too much from physical damage. The shadow volley is done every 30 seconds or so, basically once it happens have a priest use AoE healing or a druid can use tranquility I guess. When one of the two dies the other will go to full health so the second tank isn't worried about damage just hold your target get some aggro. Also once one dies the others damage will increase 100%. Meaning this fight just became interesting, mash him down try to keep your healer alive if not keep a res'er alive. This fight is infinitly easier than scholo. Have fun and enjoy your loot.	So we spawned them... Sothos has an AE Fear Jarien has Mortal Strike They both hit for about 700 dmg on 1500 AC I can only suggest keeping Sothos far from the group because its game over if all your group gets feared.	I was able to get a group to Sothos and Jarien and killed Jarien then half group wiped and Jarien died but shaman was able to reincarnate and kill Sothos while I was dead.&nbsp I wasnt able to loot any item for the tier .5 quest.&nbsp Is it cuz i died while fighting or cuz Jarien died helping us?&nbsp Can anyone tell me what happend so that i didnt get the quest item?	The above strategy works perfectly, however, there are two other things you should remember. One: When you kill Balnazzar, a bunch of skellies will pat outside the room. Kill them before you try to offtank out there! It hurts if you don't. c.c Two: Priest Prayer of Healing can hit your offtank in the corridor even if you don't have Line of Sight to her. Very helpful in keeping the offtank up.	live strat, will update once i get this done
/?quest=5262	The Truth Comes Crashing Down	60 Dungeon	55	Both	8800 XP	Dungeons	Take the Head of Balnazzar to Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff in the Eastern Plaguelands. Head of Balnazzar Provided Item: Head of Balnazzar	What have you got there, <name>?	Head of Balnazzar	Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff	You have to do the [url=?quest=5251]quest[/url] where you kill the [url=/?npc=10811]Archivist[/url] first. After turning it in, you go back for [url=/?npc=10813]this guy[/url] and his head will be there to start a quest.	8800 exp at level 60, 150 reputation gained (out of 12000 needed to get past Honored).	Ok i cant find the quest The Archivist but i know its off Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff im lvl 60 and 50% honored with argent dawn...	You have to do The Archivist first in a 5 man group (can't do it in a raid), then this item will drop from the boss (even in a raid I've heard). Next part is to kill the baron in the undead side.	Turnin is at Light's Hope Chapel
