# Quest Data for Classes - Shaman
# Generated: 2025-08-18 16:58:45
# Total quests: 45
# Comment scrape timestamp: 2025-08-18 17:11:38

Quest Extension	Name	Level	Required Level	Faction	Rewards	Category	Instructions	Progress	Start	End	Comment1	Comment2	Comment3	Comment4	Comment5
/?quest=1531	Call of Air	30	30	Horde	2450 XP | Item: Air Totem	Classes	Find Prate Cloudseer in Thousand Needles.	N/A	Searn Firewarder	Prate Cloudseer	the cords are 53.42	Prate Cloudseer can be found here: https://classicdb.ch/?npc=5905 She's a tauren by the cave. You'll need to go up the ledge to talk to her. There's no quest, jsut talk to her and she gives you the totem. While you're there get the quest from the guy in the cave. It's one of the funner and quite easy quest in the game.	Out of all the Shaman Totem quests this one is probably the easiest. Once you hit level 30 you will need to head to Ogrimmar and seek out the NPC Searn Firewarder who can be located near Thrall He will send you on a quest to seek out Prate Cloudseer in Thousand needles. You can find him Located along the North Vally wall of Thousand Needles just NE of Freewind Post Once you find him start the conversation and he will give you the Air Totem The compleate guide to all shaman quests can be found url http://www.mmorpg-guides.org/]here[/url]	You also get quite a nice buff when completing the quest. +40% run speed and +30% attack speed for 1 hour.	Path loc at 54.45
/?quest=1532	Call of Air	30	30	Horde	2450 XP | Item: Air Totem	Classes	Find Prate Cloudseer in Thousand Needles.	N/A	Xanis Flameweaver	Prate Cloudseer	I Finally Found This guy took me a long while with the vague quest, but his location is&nbsp 53,42!	Yeah, it's right there at those cooridents, but the only thing that might stump you is it's on a high ledge, so you would have to go up the ledge to reach the person.	Ok, if you don't have cords (like me) i'll tell ya. Head right towards Weathered nook (if you don't know where that is start at Splithoof Crag asnd go east till you see a path, if you look up you should see one of those tauren stand things, a fire, & a cave she is up there.	He can be found at 53.6:42.7 in Thousand Needles. There's a small path leading up the cliff to a small cave, there she is. Easy as that :-)	i found him right at that location
/?quest=1516	Call of Earth	4	4	Horde	270 XP	Classes	Bring 2 Felstalker Hooves to Canaga Earthcaller in the Valley of Trials. Felstalker Hoof (2)	Patience is earth's greatest virtue. The earth witnesses the cycle of all things: the mountains becoming deserts; rivers becoming canyons. The earth is the most stubborn and wise of all the elements and it does not tolerate impatience.The earth beckons you now because a time of conflict draws near. When you return to me successful, then you shall be that much closer to being made whole.Others will be envious of your wisdom and hate you for their ignorance.	Canaga Earthcaller	Canaga Earthcaller	This quest is the start of a small chain for shamans in order to receive their earth totem. This quest starts in the orc/troll starting area, but tauren shamans can also do this chain for their earth totem. If you're looking for the tauren counterpart look here: [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1519]tauren shaman quest[/url].	The Felstalkers are in the 'Burning Blade Coven' at 45,56. This is where the Vile Familiars hang out, so you can combine this with [url='http://classicdb.ch/?quest=792']Vile Familiars[/url].	[url=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WP5fk4A2Phg]Video[/url]	cave 43.3 / 55.5	where do i drink the pot at as a troll shaman i have the quest and the pot. i just can't figure out the location to drink it at. the quest text is too vague says a spiritual place
/?quest=1517	Call of Earth	4	4	Horde	270 XP	Classes	Find Spirit Rock and drink the Earth Sapta. Provided Item: Earth Sapta	N/A	Canaga Earthcaller	Minor Manifestation of Earth	The hidden path starts at 41,73 and the spirit rock is at 44,76	This is the quest you get as an Orc Shaman. The hidden path starts at 41.6, 73.3 (south of The Den) and will take you to 44.0, 76.1 where you will find the Spirit Rock.	i just was there....44, 76 for the rock and 41, 73 for the path start, not sure what the issue here is, but 53,80 is a big rock on the shores	For Tauren Shamans go in 53,80, you will find a rock, there is no hidden path	you can also get to ratchet from the secret path (just giving u some advice if you need to get to ratchet fast)
/?quest=1518	Call of Earth	4	4	Horde	450 XP | Item: Earth Totem	Classes	Bring the Rough Quartz to Canaga Earthcaller in the Valley of Trials. Rough Quartz Provided Item: Rough Quartz	I wish to be the first to welcome you fully to the first of four paths that will forever lead you in your destiny.If you have the stone the earth gave to you, I will give you the totem it promised.If not, then be gone with you until you have found your way.	Minor Manifestation of Earth	Canaga Earthcaller	This step of the quest is very easy. The earth elemental will send you back to the person who started the entire chain and will award you with your first totem and totem spell! This quest will award your first totem (the [url=http://classicdb.ch/?item=5175]Earth Totem[/url]) and your first totem spell: [url=http://classicdb.ch/?spell=8071]Stoneskin Totem[/url]. Once completing this congratulations on being the newest shaman with their first totem! The following are the equivalent to other shaman races: - [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=9451]Draenei[/url]. - [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1521]Tauren[/url].	if ui throw it away, then you cant use earth totems as the earthbind, and you cant get it again...	Do we need to keep this totem? Or are we allowed to just throw it away?	so that's why it's saying I alredy have a totem... I started the quest agaion at a diffrent place and it's saying I have a dupclate item so it's probly the totem... so you can get another one if you go to the other place.	If it is thrown out, simply go t othe guy who first gave you the quest. If he doesnt give it to you, like some accounts, then go to the big blue boulder and&nbsp the guy will give it to you again.
/?quest=1519	Call of Earth	4	4	Horde	270 XP	Classes	Bring 2 applications of Ritual Salve to Seer Ravenfeather in Camp Narache. Ritual Salve (2)	The earth is patient, and will wait for you until you are ready because she knows in time all things erode and are reborn. It is the cycle of things. Mountains become deserts. Rivers become canyons. The earth is the most stubborn and wise of all the elements.You must learn patience and stamina above all things. The earth calls for you now because she feels you are ready. Consider this your rebirth if you succeed. You will never be able to go back to ignorance afterwards.	Seer Ravenfeather	Seer Ravenfeather	Welcome, young Tauren, to the first step in the vast plains of Mulgore and Azeroth beyond! I've paused to just post a small list of quests you should be sure to pick up before venturing into the Brambleblade Ravine area... - Rite of Strength: Collect the belts off of the Quillboars inside the ravine. (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=757) - The Battleboars: Kill these piggies in the clearing in front of the ravine for their meat and snouts. (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=780) - Break Sharptusk!: Master piggie can be found in a central clearing in a tent. Clear his minions and proceed in for his head. (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=3376) ** Attack on Camp Narache: For an extra quest, head up the path going right [near Sharptusk's tent]. Kill the boars inside and click on the map on the cave floor to begin the quest. (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=781) My post is quite vague, but it's merely a set of guidelines. Feel free to act as you wish. After all, I am not you, you are you! Have fun, and may you have the Earthmother's blessing.	As of today, there is no Quest marker above Seer Ravenfeather's head. Right click, and she will give you the quest anyway. This quest is very important, because you need the Earth totem to enable any of the Earth spells. Graybull, 11 Shaman	when posting on thottbott one must remember that sometimes there are multiple quests with the exact same name.&nbsp These quests are only given after the first part is complete.&nbsp This particular thread is on part 1 of the quest for killing the shamans, and i would agree that they are around Brambleboar Ravine(64,77) if you are looking for the second part or third part of this quest click on the second link listed on the page that says 'Call of Earth'.	u kill the bistleback shaman in Brambleblad Ravine	For some reason, I missed this quest. I'm now too high to take it anymore. Can i get the earth totem from somewhere else?
/?quest=1520	Call of Earth	4	4	Horde	180 XP	Classes	Find Kodo Rock and drink the Earth Sapta. Provided Item: Earth Sapta	N/A	Seer Ravenfeather	Minor Manifestation of Earth	53 80	Kodo Rock is at 53, 80. If you head down to the well where Greatmother Hawkwind and go directly East you will see it, big rock with a Symbol on it.	It's east of the well where the Chief's mom is, in an open field well short of the mountains.&nbsp This quest causes alot of frustration because the only real distinguishing feature of the area (a monolith type thing) isn't visible until you're right on top of it.&nbsp Especially if you have your terrain distance set to minimum.&nbsp I spent about an hour finding it, it wasn't a very fun hour =/	I think the confusion is with the Tauren or a Orc/Troll. The coordinates for Orcs and Trolls are as follows: Hidden path: 41,73 (if you dont have cosmos) Head due south from the den Shamen Shrine: 43,76 (if you dont have cosmos) just follow the path till you find a big blue rock (the only thing that doesn't look like it belongs there) Stand in front of it and drink the sapta and a very large rock thing will appear 'minor manifestation of earth' right click on it to talk with it and you finish the quest. YOU DONT HAVE TO FIGHT ANYTHING	The above coordinates are right.&nbsp [b]53,80[/b]&nbsp Thanks Cuddlepie!
/?quest=1521	Call of Earth	4	4	Horde	450 XP | Item: Earth Totem	Classes	Bring the Rough Quartz to Seer Ravenfeather in Camp Narache. Rough Quartz Provided Item: Rough Quartz	Greetings, <name>. You would not return to me if you had not accomplished your task. May I be the first to welcome you fully to the first path of four that will forever rule your travels.If you have the stone the earth gave to you, I will give you the totem it promised. If not, then I pity you. There is much pride to be had when you've fully dedicated yourself to the elements.	Minor Manifestation of Earth	Seer Ravenfeather	This is pretty easy, just return back to the village and talk to the person with the question mark :D.	This quest will award your first totem (the [url=http://classicdb.ch/?item=5175]Earth Totem[/url]) and your first totem spell: [url=http://classicdb.ch/?spell=8071]Stoneskin Totem[/url]. Once completing this congratulations on being the newest shaman with their first totem! The following are the equivalent to other shaman races: - [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1518]Horde Orc/Troll[/url]. - [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=9451]Draenei[/url].	the bug is not there today the 14th feb. 2005	You have to get the totem from the quest, but the spells come from your trainer. I got an earth spell first, but didn't have the totem, so it didn't work! Had to find the quest info from the forum! Graybull, 11 Shaman	I did this quest, brought the quartz to the Seer and all I recieved was the totem, but not the stoneskin spell. Now I am level 14 and I can't get Rank 2 stoneskin because I never got Rank 1.
/?quest=1523	Call of Fire	10	10	Horde	420 XP	Classes	Find Kranal Fiss in the Barrens.	N/A	Beram Skychaser	Kranal Fiss	To find him, go North out of the Crossroads, then at the fork take the right one, the exact location is (55,20)	Alright for the people who dont have co-ordinates, follow this: - go along the road from crossroads to the north - when the road slits into north and east, go east - follow this road and look to your left. - if you've don as I told you should come across a farm and then a small tower. - the man you need to speak to stands in front of that tower good luck	For those of us who can't and won't use addons that gives coordinates, can we get an exact location for Kranal Fiss pretty please? :)	the path starts at 36,56 it's next to the river	The new release really bites because now I do not have co-ordinates. How can I locate him? I have traveled all the north to Ashenvale, and pretty far off the road on either side. Is he even IN the Barrens?
/?quest=1524	Call of Fire	11	10	Horde	650 XP	Classes	Bring the Torch of the Dormant Flame to Telf Joolam in Durotar. Torch of the Dormant Flame Provided Item: Torch of the Dormant Flame	Greetin's, <name>. You've found yerself at the Shrine of the Dormant Flame. Only those knowledgeable enough in the shamanistic arts will ever learn the secrets of this place and the power it holds. I'm sorry you made the trip all this way, only to be turned back now--the journey up here is far from safe after all--but I am the keeper of the shrine, and I cannot allow just anyone to wander around here.	Kranal Fiss	Telf Joolam	The crappy set up for this quest forced me to dedicate better than 2 hours in its completion, so I hope this information serves to save each of you time and energy. The guy you need is tough to find but follow these directions and you won't go wrong: Follow the river on the western edge of Durotar until you hit a rock wall that would force you into the water if you tried to go any further. Once you're at that rock wall you look up a bit and you'll find a rectangular gray stone with symbolic markings. Next to that large stone is a faint trail that winds through the mountain to the top where you'll find the NPC you need. Once you find the NPC he'll tell you to get two items. The [url=?item=5026]fire tar[/url] drops from Razormane quillboar which can be found southeast of the camp. The second item is a pouch that drops from the Burning Blade Cultists (and only the cultists). These guys were tough to find as well, so the key is to go due east out of Razor hill, and then immediately turn north. Do not go into the ravine. Do not take the trail north to orc city. You have to stay up above the ravine, and you will see the cave where the cultists (an others) reside.	Telf Joolam @ 38.5, 58.9 You will see a black rock on the face of the mountain which marks the entrance up the cliff.	Keep running south along the waters edge (On Durotars side) after crossing the bridge.&nbsp Eventually you'll see the mountains and there will be a small path leading up marked by a square black stone.&nbsp Follow the path - which can get quite small and difficult to see - until you reach the top.	Ok, finally found it. See the map where it shows where he is? Good, now throw it out - it has nothing to do with where the *path* is to get to him. Go into Duratar. Follow the river south. When you come to a mountain range, head east along the edge of the mountains... you'll find a path leading upwards. Location is 36, 57	For all of those that are confused- Telf Joolam is in Durotar, not The Barrens. To get access to him, you follow the road leaving Durotar into The Barrens, but taker a left instead of crossing the bridge. Keeping running until you a small black rock at the foot of a mountain, around 36, 57. Follow the windy path up the mountain and talk to Telf, who is at 38, 58.
/?quest=1525	Call of Fire	12	10	Horde	900 XP | Item: Fire Sapta	Classes	Bring 1 Fire Tar and 1 Reagent Pouch to Telf Joolam in Durotar. Fire Tar Reagent Pouch	I have enough ingredients for a sapta of fire if you can find the reagent pouch and some fire tar. The Burning Blade fanatics carry the proper components for most of their spells in those pouches, and usually have enough of the items I need that we will not have to search much farther for anything else.The saptas are always made from ingredients that are closely tied to their respective elements. It makes our work easier because of the warlocks' ties to fire.	Telf Joolam	Telf Joolam	The Reagent pouch drops at the burning blade people at 51 26 but the cave entrance is at 52 29 (dropped on 5th Cultist) The Fire tar dropped at the razormane people in the barrens at 55 26 off of ANY Razormane at thorn hill (plz rate if helpful!)	1) Do NOT head up the long valley from Razor Hill to Orgrimmar. 2) Go out NE exit of Razor Hill. &nbsp a) If you are heading into valley then you went out the north exit. You can follow previous instructions and make an immediate right (east) before you get into the valley.&nbsp This will take you east along the Razor Hill fence.&nbsp 3) When you get to NE exit of Razor Hill, head due north.&nbsp The cave you want is right smack in the middle of your path.&nbsp &nbsp a) You will see the valley to your left.&nbsp Do NOT go in this valley, stay to the right of the valley and just head nice and straight up to the cave. 4) Fight your way into the cave.&nbsp You will know you are at the right cave because, as previously mentioned, it is guarded by Burning Blad Thugs and Neophytes.&nbsp 5) Soon you will come to the cultists.&nbsp They are the guys with Imp pets.&nbsp They drop the Reagent Pouch.&nbsp 6) There is a path which goes down to the right just before half way in - there is a chest near it, either at the bottom or at the top.&nbsp I've done this quest 2x now and both times the cultist at the bottom of that path dropped the pouch. Hope this helps.&nbsp Lots of good info above, just wanted to clarify because even after reading it, I killed a few harpies.	[b]DUROTAR:&nbsp 52,29 above the ridge.[/b] [b]BARRENS:&nbsp 56,23[/b] [b]GOODNIGHT NOW![/b]	Commenting here because I had to piecemeal my success from the above comments (very helpful, but can get confusing). So! My very own summary. To find the cultists: From Razor Hill go north out of the camp. Immediately past the last building in camp, hang a right off the road and follow the curve of the ravine around. There's a path that leads up to top of the ravine (53, 38). Continue north--you'll run directly to the mouth of a cave. Yes, there are mobs there hanging around the front of the cave that -aren't- cultists. Don't fret! I thought I was in the wrong area too. They're inside the cave, to the left when following the path. First cultist dropped it for me. (Incidentally, don't be like me and spend an hour in the cave near Orgrimmar. You'll end up scratching your head and wondering why none of the mobs in there are cultists. :3 )	Fire Tar - Razormane Thornweaver, Geomancer, Water Seeker, and Mystic @ East of Crossroads Reagent Pouch - Burning Blade Cultist @ North of Razorhill not in the ravine.
/?quest=1526	Call of Fire	13	10	Horde	1150 XP | Item: Torch of the Eternal Flame	Classes	Defeat the Minor Manifestation of Fire, and place the Glowing Ember in the brazier atop the Shrine of Eternal Flame. Torch of the Dormant Flame Glowing Ember Provided Item: Torch of the Dormant Flame	The brazier stands about a third your height, and looks normal, save for the inscriptions along its smooth metal rails. The metal shows no signs of wear from the weather, and the bowl seated at the top of it feels cool to the touch.	Telf Joolam	Brazier of the Dormant Flame	Tried to take out this thing twice at level 11. It took me out like I was level 1. I attacked him immediately when he spawned. Damn near every spell it either resisted or was immune to, when I did hit it, it regened like crazy, and the damage I took was insane. Felt a bit like swiss cheese. How the hell do you kill this this (granted, I could level to 60 and try it and maybe win if I am extremely freaking lucky). Others said this guy was cake...did something change? Think I'd have better luck fighting in Winterspring! EDIT: Tried twice more at 11 with no luck. Decided to blow it off for awhile. Came back at 13 and was able to defeat him - it was a fairly close fight. Edited, Tue Aug 16 06:34:49 2005	Go to the large rock next to Telf Joolam and use the fire sapta. The Minor Manifestation of Fire will be ready to fight. Use rockbiter and earth shocks, because fire attacks don't help as much on a fire elemental. Take his Glowing Ember from the loot, and use it on the Brazier of the Dormant Flame. You will finish and light your torch, transforming it from something that looks like a vendor weapon called a Cudgel, to the Torch of the Eternal Flame. Then, take it back to the guy who sent you to Telf Joolam in the first place.	Pretty much goto the Big rock right next to telf, then use your fire sapta to see the fire guy, he is quite easy just apply your Rockbiter instead of your flametongue and only use earth shock instead of fire shock, quick and easy fight!!!	Go to the big rock next to the questgiver.&nbsp Turn right up the hill and check out the plateau and the little object (birdbath looking item). Go back down to the big rock and drink the Septa.&nbsp Five fire elementals will spawn.&nbsp Four are harmless and connot be attacked.&nbsp The one in the middle can be attacked, but will only fight after being attacked.&nbsp Attack and kill it.&nbsp It is immune to fire spells.&nbsp After looting the quest item from the corpse, a second fire elemental will appear where the first one was.&nbsp It will not attack you and you can operate the little shrine item without fear of aggro.&nbsp Unless you are foolish enough to attack it and begin a second battle.	You have to use the Sapta next to the large grey rock that is just down the hill from the top.&nbsp That spawns the Fire Elemental.
/?quest=1527	Call of Fire	13	10	Horde	1150 XP | Item: Fire Totem	Classes	Bring the Torch of Eternal Flame to Kranal Fiss in the Barrens. Torch of the Eternal Flame Provided Item: Torch of the Eternal Flame	Yes, <name>? What do you have there?	Brazier of the Dormant Flame	Kranal Fiss	Kranal is at 55 19-20	Just an FYI so no one is as stupid as me. Kranal is at 55, 20 in the Barrens, not Durotar.	I had trouble finding this guy on the one where your supposed to get to him at first. His coordinates are 55, 20. He is nearby the boy getting chased by the bees, but further east.	where in the heck is the PATH to this place?	It is right along the west coast of Durotar- pretty much the first mountain you reach. Just try the paths up- you will find it.
/?quest=2983	Call of Fire	10	10	Horde	420 XP	Classes	Find Kranal Fiss in the Barrens.	N/A	Swart	Kranal Fiss	Coords are correct! It says north of Xroads and thats true, but its off of the road to Durotar.&nbsp Take the road to Durotar, and not very far you will see 2 buildings on the left.&nbsp He is on the most easterly one. [url=http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v503/casedizzy/abcefghijh.jpg]http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v503/casedizzy/abcefghijh.jpg[/url]	he's at 56,20	the cords plz	56,20	CORRECT CORDS! 55,19! im was standing right on him=)
/?quest=2984	Call of Fire	10	10	Horde	420 XP	Classes	Find Kranal Fiss in the Barrens.	N/A	Narm Skychaser	Kranal Fiss	56.20 for Kranal	it seems they added this step back in the release. you can find the npc just east of the farm north of crossroads.	Take the Ashenvale road north when you get to the crossroad going back to Crossroads.&nbsp Look for a farm on the right, called Grol'dom Farm. He is in the tower just to the east of the farm.	I recieved this quest from the Shaman trainer in Razor Hill Barracks.	56:19 - The barrens, North east of crossroad
/?quest=1522	Call of Fire (Part 1)	10	10	Horde	420 XP	Classes	Find Kranal Fiss in the Barrens.	N/A	Searn Firewarder	Kranal Fiss	He is at 56, 20.	i choose to make the quest later but i lost the torch (and refused the quest). don't worry! it is a class quest. go to kranal fiss and talk with him. he will give u another quest (second step) and u&nbsp will go to telf joolam. ----------------------ITALIAN VERSION-------------- se hai perso la torcia o hai abbandonato la quest, non preoccuparti. questa � una quest di classe. vai da kranal fiss e lui ti consegner� il secondo step della quest e la torcia. dopo dovrai andare da telf joolam. ok? kranal fiss is here [b]click to enlarge the image and to look the coords[/b] [url=http://img181.imageshack.us/img181/2317/krfissrl3.jpg]http://img181.imageshack.us/img181/2317/krfissrl3.jpg[/url] telf joolam is here (over the bridge for durotar, follow the river going to south) [url=http://img208.imageshack.us/img208/2396/telf1yw6.jpg]http://img208.imageshack.us/img208/2396/telf1yw6.jpg[/url] there is a little road on this mountain. follow that and u will arrive to telf. [url=http://img151.imageshack.us/img151/2572/telf2jr8.jpg]http://img151.imageshack.us/img151/2572/telf2jr8.jpg[/url] here it starts the road. after telf's encounter, u have to take 2 items. after that, come back to telf, give him the items he will prepare the sapta. drink the sapta near the stone e go upper. there is the mob to kill, very simple. take the item dropped by mob and turn on the brazier. now u have to come back to kranal fiss to take the totem.	In barrens at 55,19	[url=http://classicdb.ch/?npc=5907]Kranal Fiss[/url] he is in a farm. There are no strong enemy, you can easy get the q.	Coords for me were 56,20 he is in the tower-looking house next to the house with the 2 orc children.
/?quest=1103	Call of Water	23	20	Horde	2750 XP	Classes	Bring a Water Sapta to Tiev Mordune in Silverpine Forest if you failed to speak to the Minor Manifestation of Water. Water Sapta	Ya have the sapta, brotha?I know another that had trouble after defeating da corrupt water spirit--seems he waited too long and he came out of the spirit world too quick fer his taste. Hate to see dat happen to another, so I'll just wait here fer a bit to make sure no one else be needin' me help.	Tiev Mordune	Tiev Mordune	So, I've basically screwed up every single part of this quest so I understand what people are having trouble with. What happens if the water elemental doesn't drop the bracers? What happened here is you didn't pick up the quest for the bracers from islen in the barrens. You get the sapta and then talk to her again and get the quest for the bracers too. They should drop then. Then just go to the brazier and put the bracers and extra water there. What happens if I can't see the elemental to talk to at the end? First what I'd do is AFTER you put the bracers and water on the brazier try to hit it again and the water elemental may appear. Now if this doens't work you'll be able to talk to the troll. Speak with him get ANOTHER sapta and then he'll do his quest. Now you got to hit the brazier again and get the quest and then talk to the elemental on the center island. Finally, just return to Islen for the bracers. I see some people saying this is easy, but trust me if you miss one little thing you screw the whole thing up. It's really a royal pain but at least I finally have my totem.	This quest just in case once u cant get the bracer, if u get the water totem already,dunt need to get another water sapta	I abedonned it... Where to get it again?	I had problems with this quest because i destroyed my remaining drops of water...but after a while ifigured out how to get it to work.&nbsp Once you've made the sapta(which isnt hard) just accept both quests islen gives you for sepulcher.&nbsp If for some reason you get there and its not working , abandon the quest and go back to islen and you will be able to restart. Happy hunting. Caibheian Warsong	Basicly when you get to there area where the stone is... use the sapta to see the apperitions and kill the corrupted one. after you get the bracers go to the brazzire to complete quest. after that go back to the guy near ratchet and get your new totems.. Enjoy! If you abandon the quest...you get it back from the npc south of camp T
/?quest=1528	Call of Water	20	20	Horde	775 XP	Classes	Find Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.	N/A	Searn Firewarder	Islen Waterseer	To find her, you have to visit those pirate cannoneers again. As you run south from ratchet, before the pirate ship, go trough a little mountain on the left, there you'll find a hut. Location: 65,44	Islen Waterseer: (65, 43) https://classicdb.ch/?npc=5901	Actually guys, the true location is at [b]66,44[/b]	65,43	all you do you buy it from the trainer i think its 20s or something... there is no quest
/?quest=1529	Call of Water	20	20	Horde	775 XP	Classes	Find Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.	N/A	Xanis Flameweaver	Islen Waterseer	The EXACT coords are: 65,43. In the Barrens.	You guys are totally wrong. The hord cords is 65.43 ! . Its south for Ratchet . ! Goodluck	She's at 65,43.	The map show's that she's around inside Ratchet. That's wrong. Just follow the little road south at the coastline, and go up on the small mountain / hill, and continue towards the water until you see her :) Cheers	the guy you start the quest...kinda weird name for a guy that starts a water quest :P
/?quest=1530	Call of Water	22	20	Horde	440 XP	Classes	Find Brine in Southern Barrens.	N/A	Islen Waterseer	Brine	From the Crossroads: Take the Gold Road to the Southern Gold Road (the Gold Road turns into the Southern Gold Road past Camp Taurajo) Run to the signpost that marks the 't' intersection of the Southern Gold Road and the road that leads into Dustwallow Marsh (the only road that branches off of the Southern Gold Road that's not one of the Razorfen instance areas). At that signpost, turn your character slightly to the right (southwest). In the hills you will be able to see a building that looks like a Tauren building with a rotating windmill-thing. Brine is up there. Go ghost wolf and exercise just a bit of caution to avoid the stormhides, thunderhawks, and hyenas as you run towards Brine. Or kill them, your choice. There will be a tree to your left and a brown pond to your right and a 'leg' of a mountain (44,77) you can easily run up to go see Brine (she's at 43,77).	Brine is at 43, 77 in Blackthorne ridge in Souther Barrens	Hey guys, I'm not sure if anyone posted this yet, but the coords are 43, 77. :)	It is actually south from giant's field up in the west mountain, loc: 43,78 in the barrens	While you're doing the call of water quests, keep your eyes peeled for Washte Pawne, a lvl 25 Thunderhawk. Kill her and bring the quest item she drops to Camp T, it's an extra 1500 xp. http://classicdb.ch/?npc=3472
/?quest=2985	Call of Water	20	20	Horde	775 XP	Classes	Find Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.	N/A	Swart	Islen Waterseer	This quest is probably the most time-consuming you will face up to this point as a shaman. There is also not a lot of information regarding it's completion, so I will help out those beginning it with a walkthrough. Step One: Islen She's where other posters have placed her next to the ship near Ratchet/Northwest Keep. She will send you to see Brine, in the Southern Barrens. Step Two: Brine Brine is not the easiest NPC to find, so let me describe how to find her. Take the road back from Ratchet to the Crossroads. Now take the road leading to Camp Taraujo. Keep going straight, instead of turning right to Taraujo. You will pass the area called 'Field of Giants.' You should try to stay on the road if you're just lvl 20, there are some higher level mobs that could give you trouble if you're not adequately equipped. After you pass the Field of Giants, you will likely come upon a Tauren, named Gann. If you hail him, he will give you some info on how to find Brine. He also begins a quest in the Dwarf area not too far away that is worth doing while you are progressing/completing this quest. Gann could be past the area where Brine is at, so after you pass the Field of Giants, start looking to your right. You will eventually see a tent/camp on top of one of the foothills prior to one of the pig people areas. This is Brine's camp. You may have to fight some pig people, hyenas, lizards, and flying snakes to get there (lvl 20-23). Run up the hill to Brine's camp. She'll be waiting for you with a ? over her head. After she talks to you, she'll give you a bag to fill from the pond directly below her camp. Run down to the pond, kill whatever NPC's you have to, and click on the bag to fill it from the pond. While you're filling it, a lvl 20 pig will spawn that you will have to kill. I wasn't interrupted from filling while the pig shot a few arrows at me. Take the filled bag up to Brine and she'll talk to you about the pig you just killed and the water you gave her. She'll now give you another bag and tell you to head for Hillsbrad Foothills and Tarren Mill. If you are new to the game, and have spent most of your time in Ogrimar/Durotar/The Barrens, it's time to do some traveling. Step Three: Tarren Mill You need to get back to Ogrimar and take the zepplin in front of the city to the Undercity in the Eastern Kingdoms. When you get off the zepplin, you can either fly to Sepulcher or run/walk there. If you walk there, take the roads leading to Silverpine to get to Sepulcher. Once you get to Sepulcher, continue on the MAIN road that goes South. You will eventually come to a sign that points to the Hillsbrad Foothills and you should take a LEFT on that road and follow it. You are now entering 'Contestested Territory,' and should be in Ghost Wolf form. There may be some Alliance gankers that try to kill you. Stay on the road and keep running. You will eventually see signs directing you towards Tarren Mill. Follow them into the city. It is a Horde camp and the 'Deathguards' in front won't bother you. There is a well in the camp that you should go to and click on your bag when you are next to it to fill it. After you have filled your bag, you can either run back the way you came, or gate back to the other continent. Take the filled bag back to Brine. She will take it from you and give you another bag directing you to towards Ashenvale. A suggestion might be to gain a few levels doing other things before heading out on this and the remaining parts of this quest. You will have to fight a few alliance NPC's along the road going to Tarren Mill. They're not a problem, however. Moreso, the levels might be to give you a little more HP's if you run into Alliance gankers. Step Four: Ashenvale - Ruins of Stardust You can take Brine's directions if you want. However, be prepared to do some fighting. There's an easier way. You probably have gone into Stonetalon Mtns by now (or should have). If you are lvl 23 or better, you should not have any trouble with the route I'm going to give you. You could also do it lower level, but will have some instances with multiple 20+ NPC's. There is a tunnel that leads from the Windshear Crags area to Ashenvale, and acutally dumps you out near Mystral Lake. Mystral Lake is not the body of water you need, but it is not far off, either. You will see Mystral Lake as you exit the tunnel off to your right. Take a LEFT instead and follow the path. You will have a few 20+ bears that will aggro if you get too close. You will not need to go too far until you reach the Ruins of Stardust, and the pond there. There are elementals around the pond that range from 20-23. You will have to fight a couple to get to the island in the center of the pond, and several on the island itself. You will get a few 'shredder pages' as loot from these mobs. Save them, because they belong to another quest. After you have killed the surrounding elementals on the island, look for a birdbath. That is the fountain you need to fill your bag. Click on the bag near the birdbath. Gate back or run back to The Barrens, and Brine. Brine will take the bag from you and combine them to make water sample that you will need to take back to Islen, near Ratchet (location above). Step Five: Islen Islen will take your water sample from Brine and give you the Sapta. You will also be left with a pure water sample from Brine. You need to take both and head back to the other continent near Sepulcher. Step Six: The Shrine - Water Sapta - Corrupt Manifistation. The shrine you're looking for is along the coast directly west from Sepulcher. You will have to get down to the coast by backtracking or going a little more south. I went back North a bit and was able to work my way down. Once you reach the coast you will have to travel along the coast to the shrine. Use the arrow pointing towards Sepulcher on your mini map to guide you. The shrine will be directly west from the arrow. Travel north or south to find it, depending on which direction you used to reach the coast. I did see and didn't bother with a lvl 24 elite NPC as I was traveling to the coast. Most of the NPC's that you may have to fight will be 14-16 werewolf-type NPC's that shouldn't give you any problems. When you reach the shrine, drink the sapta. The water elementals will then appear. You will need to find/target the Corrupted Manifistation. It is the only one that will allow you to target it. Keep moving/targeting/tabbing to find it, then once you do, kill it. Loot the bracer from the mob. Head to the altar near the shrine. Click on the altar. You will now get a message to talk to another elemental/manifistation. I found this one near the back and went over and talked to it. This manifistation will speak to you and give you the crystal that you will take back to Islen. You have 20 minutes once you drink the sapta to find the corrupt elemental, kill it - loot it, go to the altar and click with the water sample from Brine and the bracers, then go and talk to the other elemental. If you don't get it done in time, there is a troll sitting on top of a rock near the shrine that will allow you to go and get another sapta from Islen. You shouldn't need to, but he's there if you do. Step Seven: Back to Islen You know where she is. Take your crystal back to her, she'll give you the water totem and also give you your healing stream totem spell. One of the longest quests you've probably done thus far in the game. It's worth several thousand points in XP, however, so it's worth it. You should be about ready to work on the quests from Gann by the time you finish it, which are worth several thousand as well, and help your Tauren faction. Good luck, and I hope this saves people time.	I am standing on the exact spot Lslen Waterseer is located and it is 65, 43.&nbsp The spot 43, 77 is in Blackthorn Ridge.	From behind the Inn in Sepulcher, just follow the valley. The location is 38, 44	43/77 is correct! 100% sure, this is for the second call of water quest	Islen Waterseer is at 65, 43. This quest took an extra 45 minutes because of people giving grossly incorrect coordinates.
/?quest=2986	Call of Water	20	20	Horde	775 XP	Classes	Find Islen Waterseer in the Barrens.	N/A	N/A	N/A	She is currently located at the following Coords: 65,43 - Just head south of rachet, she is near a fishing hut around the previous coords on the largest collection of land.	This is one of the four horde-side quests that leads into the quest line for the Water Totem, and therein the ability to use totems of the water class.	[url=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onw2TSULwso]How to find Islen video.[/url]	Islen Waterseer is located at 66,44	where do i enter those numbers?
/?quest=1535	Call of Water (Part 2)	22	20	Horde	875 XP	Classes	Fill the Empty Brown Waterskin at the watering hole below Brine's hut and return it to her in the Barrens. Filled Brown Waterskin Provided Item: Empty Brown Waterskin	I am just about prepared to send you on your other tasks. Have you filled the skin yet?I know how protective the quilboar can be. Even such a small water source is a vast hoard of wealth to them. They have great feasts when even the slightest rain comes to the Barrens. Water is sacred to their kind because it is so scarce. Do you understand?	Brine	Brine	How lazy can NPCs get? Fill water that's 5 feet away from me? Haha... whatever.	just go down of hill its a pond at 44,77 . FOR BROWN WATERSKIN !&nbsp D O N T&nbsp G O&nbsp IN&nbsp &nbsp TARREN MILL !	A quilboar pops up when you get the water. Easy kill	The watering hole is just below the hut on the North side.	It's just the puddle of water NE of her hut.
/?quest=1536	Call of Water (Part 3)	22	20	Horde	1300 XP	Classes	Fill the Empty Red Waterskin at the well in Tarren Mill and return to Brine in the Barrens. Filled Red Waterskin Provided Item: Empty Red Waterskin	The well remaining pure within the town reminds me of stories told to me when I was younger, <name>. Even in times of great pain and sorrow one can find a sliver of hope, a small symbol to rally around. The orc people see Thrall this way. He survived against great odds and rose up to lead our people through his strength and example.I'm not sure any orc has suffered as much as he has, but at the same time, I'm not sure any orc is as strong as he is either.	Brine	Brine	Confirmed while on the way the NPC http://classicdb.ch/?quest=493 in Silver Pine forest, Take the quest and start journey to Hillsbrad Foot hills. Quest awards 9s and a sum of 1150exp. When you reach Terren Mill in Hillsbrad Foot hills you will find: -The Water well at (62,20) fill your Red Waterskin up ;) -The Quest you took from Silverpine Forest ends at Terren Mill the NPC is at (61,19) -The Flight path in is at (60,18) Go Go discover it ;) After your finally done take the flight path back to Undercity and off to the Zepplin well you know what to do.. :P Good luck (please rate this comment if you like it)	If you haven't done it already, grab the 'Journey to HIllsbrad Foothills' quest (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=493) from The Sepulcher and pickup a free 1150xp on your way there. The well for the quest is in the middle of the town, right outside of the church.	Go to undercity (zepplin at orgrimmar goes to it) travel southwest of undercity to&nbsp silverpine forest. Travel south in silverpine forest and go to hillsbrad foothills&nbsp southeast of silverpine. Maximize your map to show just the Eastern Kingdom continent, there should be 2 houses, Tarren Mill, and Southshore. Head to Tarren Mill, it's west of the river I believe. Be aware for alliance in hillsbrad, this is a contested territory and the level 60 battlegrounds are here (sometimes they won't kill you, sometimes they will).	Posted by translucented on 2005-03-31 14:19:46 That is correct on how to get to Tauren Mill. Now as far as where to fill it up at?&nbsp Water well thing in the middle of the town (all the buildings at TM)	its all the way in eastern kingdom. follow road south of sepulcher and keep going to contested lands.. and then keep following road east.
/?quest=1534	Call of Water (Part 4)	23	20	Horde	1400 XP	Classes	Fill the Empty Blue Waterskin at the Ruins of Stardust in Ashenvale and return to Brine in the Barrens. Filled Blue Waterskin Provided Item: Empty Blue Waterskin	Do you have the water yet, <name>? Tales say the ruins were protected by large creatures of nature that do not care for visitors, but those could be myths to scare off the enemies of the night elves.Regardless, be careful.	Brine	Brine	The fountain is in the green lake directly south from astranaar.&nbsp Several level 22-25 elementals guard the fountain.&nbsp Stay on the main road until you turn towards astranaar, then head south / southeast.&nbsp We wound up dying on the swim there, then running back and rezzing on top of the founain.	33, 67. The fountain is on an island in the middle of a lake. Mobs 23-34 surround the lake. What makes it difficult is the mobs have the Entangling Roots ability making fleeing harder. Oh yeah, and there's a '?? Elite' Wandering Protector walking around in the area too to watch out for.	I don't know if they changed this quest recently, but I just did it with a lvl 20 Shaman without too much trouble. I'm only wearing greens, with a puny enhancement spec which is far from optimal at this level, so basically if I can do it, you can too. Don't give up, play to the best of your ability, use the totems you have, and a 23-24 mob won't be able to withstand the shocks that you do manage to get through (I had to kill a lvl 23, lvl 20 to get to the fountain, and a lvl 24 on my way out). Especially if you manage to throw yourself a heal every once in a while. 33,67 is confirmed. The socalled fountain is more of a birdbath with a blue glow at the center of the island. Good luck!	The Fountain is on an island in the middle of a small, greenish lake. there are TONS of lvl 23-26 elementals surrounding it, but if you have l33t ninja kills like i did, you can sneak your way in and grab the sample. The fountain is in the center of a small circle of stonehenge-esqe stones.	Don't get too scared about the ?? Elite Wandering Protector, it walks all over ashenvale, wastingtape must had been in the wrong place at the wrong time.
/?quest=220	Call of Water (Part 5)	23	20	Horde	460 XP | Item: Water Sapta	Classes	Bring the Vial of Purest Water to Islen Waterseer in the Barrens. Vial of Purest Water Provided Item: Vial of Purest Water	Hello again, <name>. You're looking well.What brings you back to me so soon?	Brine	Islen Waterseer	Step 1: Find Islen Waterseer in the barren - She is likely the easiest part of this quest.&nbsp She is on the coast just south of ratchet and just north-east of the pirate boat (which is also a rogue quest area). (found at 65,43) Step 2: Find Brine in the Barrens - She is in South barrens.&nbsp Head south on the road from Crossroads (XR), past Camp Taurjo, to where the road heads east toward Dustwallow Swamp.&nbsp Then turn right (west), go to the foothills and turn left (south) along the edge and in a few seconds you will see a pond.&nbsp Next to the pond is a foothill sticking out, go up that ridge and her hut is at the top. (found at 43,77) Step 3: Brown waterskin - Remember the pond you just past to get up here? Easy trip, the shortest of all of them. (found at 44,76) Step 4: Red waterskin - Ok, in this case you need to take a long trip.&nbsp Some of you may not have gone this way so I'll give long directions. A) Go to Oggrimar(OG) to the Zepplin, the south side of the tower goes to Undercity (UC). Not going to give you coords for this cuz you really should be able to find it on yor own. B) At the Zep town near UC, (if you have been to Tarren Mills (TM) before just go into UC and take the flight path to TM).&nbsp If this is a new area, welcome to undead lands.&nbsp (optional - Go into UC and get the flight path so you can come back easier). Head toward the big castle thing to the east as you leave the zep tower.&nbsp and turn right at the signpost toward Silverpine Forest (or Sepulcher).&nbsp Remember where this is cuz you need to come back here later. C) Follow this road a LONG way. (optional - Stop at Sepulcher in Silverpine Forest to get the flight path marked for later). D) Follow the main road past sepulcher and keep going till you get to Hillsbrad.&nbsp Note on PvP servers that this is disputed territory.&nbsp As you enter Hillsbrad there is a Tower on the right with a lone undead Deathguard.&nbsp She has a simple delivery quest to TM you might as well grab a few XP for. Continue along the road till you see the sign for TM (there is a ruined tower on the left and then a road). E) Turn left onto the road and you will see TM on the right faily soon.&nbsp Get the flight path, turn in the quest you picked up along the way.&nbsp Go to the well in the middle of town. F) Get back to Brine (take the flight to UC?&nbsp Hearthstone? walk?) Step 5: Blue waterskin - Everyones favorite! First get to Ashenvale.&nbsp Simple, follow the main road north in Barrens till you are in Ashenvale at the far north. PvP servers, this is disputed territory. Keep following the same road till you get to a T intersection. (optional - go right and get the flight path in Splintertree Post and come back here). Turn left at the intersection and follow the road.&nbsp Now this is somewhat vague because landmarks are somewhat hard to explain, but basically follow the road till you get to Astranaar, this IS an Alliance town so don't get too close.&nbsp Just enough to register it on your map.&nbsp Turn left (south) and head overland toward the mountains. Don't follow the edge of the lake around Astranaar, just head south toward the moaintain border. You will find the area of Ruins of Stardust..&nbsp There are several big green lumbering mossy elementals, reasonably easy to kill lvl 22-25. They are in a small lake that has a island. (NOTE, there are 4 lakes of interest in Ashenvale that have islands in the middle.&nbsp 1 is Astranaar that we just walked past, the island is the Alliance town so easy to ignore. 2 is starfall lake near where you came into Ashenvale and has a small island and lots of big green elements just like Stardust has. 3 is Mystral Lake and that is a bit too far east and has water elementals that are made or water.&nbsp It has a temple on an island as well.).&nbsp The lake you want is Stardust and the temple is located at 34,68.&nbsp Just get close to the middle of it and click on the bag to fill it.&nbsp then back to Brine in South barrens again. Step 6: Take the vial of water to Islen (see Step 1 again) Step 7: Take the water Sapta to Silverpine (see 4, A, B, and C) - now then, fastest way, head N out of Sepulcher (yes, down the steep hill) and turn left at the bottom.&nbsp Stick to the edge and the mountain and get to the sea.&nbsp Turn left and travel tween the shore and the mountain till you find big rock shrine (you've seen them before on the other totem quests) (located at 38,44). Drink your Sapta, you will see lots of water elemtals appear.&nbsp Kill one till you get the bracers (should only take one).&nbsp If you need another Sapta there is a troll on a rock there who will give you one.&nbsp Once you haev the bracers click on the small braiser there and wait for the place to cleanse.&nbsp then speak to the elemental that appears. Step 8: Go back to Islen (see Step 1 again) And There ya go!&nbsp A complete walkthru!	after you return from ashenvale with the full water pouch go to Islen on the coast south of Ratchet, she gives you the water sapta.&nbsp then head to sepulcher.&nbsp from there [b]you can acutally head dead West from town and jump to the right of a tree to get over the ridge.[/b]&nbsp dropping down a couple of flights gets you right to the shrine.&nbsp then get close to the big stone thing and drink the water sapta.&nbsp then kill the elemental and head back to Islen near Ratchet.	Worst. Chain. Ever.	this quest chain is blizzard's way to get back at shamans for giving them ghostwolf!	The link for step 7 of Call of Water is here: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=63
/?quest=63	Call of Water (Part 6)	23	20	Horde	1400 XP	Classes	Defeat the Corrupt Manifestation of Water and place the Corrupted Manifestation's Bracers along with the Remaining Drops of Purest Water on the Brazier of Everfount in Silverpine Forest. Corrupt Manifestation's Bracers Remaining Drops of Purest Water Provided Item: Remaining Drops of Purest Water	The brazier still reflects the ambient light from the area, and the flame shifts slightly as you move closer.The corruption along the hills seems to have kept its distance, and besides the missing components, the brazier looks prepared for the ritual to summon a cleansed manifestation of water.	Islen Waterseer	Brazier of Everfount	38, 44 (Silverpine Forest). Use the potion right in front of the shrine. Kill the one elemental that's attackable. Click on the brazier. Watch the fireworks. Then talk to the water elemental that appears about 10 seconds later.	FFS, stop ^&*!@ing and do it. it's easy, just alot of running. It's worth it, you get you ~Healing Stream Totem.~ Swim the Coast to : 36.43 Drink water Sapta at stone totem thing :37.44. You will see alot of water elementals, walk to: 38.44.. hit 'Tab' key to target the main one, and kill. make sure you have room in your inv. loot bracers. Go to the little fire, click on it, and your good to go. btw I'm lvl 22, and the mob is 22. easy.	Quickest way there, from the Sepulcher, is just past the tree behind the inn. Some minor falls but nothing close to killing you.	The easiest way to get to the water elemental is to fly in to Sepulcher and then just climb west through the mountains. To do this, go behind the alchemist that is to the right of the tomb. Jump your way through the small crevice that is blocked by a tree. With a few jumps, you can make it up into the crevice. Then just run due west and in a few seconds you'll be at the shrine where you need to kill the elemental and use the brazier.	Just a note, if you want to save some running time, swim straight west from the shrine till you die of fatigue. When you rez you'll be in XR, take the Spirit Rez and fly to ratchet... then go see the Waterseeker to finish. (edited to fix directions, thanks Bioandroid)
/?quest=100	Call of Water (Part 7)	23	20	Horde	1250 XP	Classes	Speak to the Minor Manifestation of Water in Silverpine Forest.	N/A	Brazier of Everfount	Minor Manifestation of Water	Ok, after 6 hours, i got it! I was having problems where after i killed the elemental and lit the brazier, i was unable to see the guy for the next leg of the quest, the one to turn it in to, the guy who gives you a shard.&nbsp Problem was, at first i hadn't read the quest all the way through...i know, my bad...and went to turn it in to isla in the barrens.&nbsp Well, my sapta sight had worn off and the new water sapta had to be given to the troll.&nbsp I couldn't complete it because i couldn't see the elemental with the '?' over his head.&nbsp I found out that to re-gain sapta sight and be able to see the elemental with the '?', you have to walk practically on top of the troll while he's walking to the altar.&nbsp After that, and half of my day, i was on my way!&nbsp BTW, lots of great info on here, ty for all the great posts.&nbsp :)	The EXACT! location is 38,44 It is exactly straight WEST from the Sepulcher. To get there you need to go NORTH then swing to the west coast and then continue on the west coast towards the sepulcher, until you stand right behind the Sepulcher. There is a big stone so you can not miss the place.	Ok so you got the water sapta and the vial or pure drops, after you talk to Islen waterseer in barrens she tells you to go to silver pine forest, so you fly to orgri them take the blimp to Undercity, head to Silverpine forest which is south of brill take the road it will be easier, then rightbefore yo hit a bridge at ( 49,28 ) to make a hard right and head west to the coast there will be some werewolf looking critters they are level 12 so no worries if your level 20 and have ghost wolf, just keep running to the west shore,once there go south and you will see a large stone pillar and some troll guy there ( tIEVE mORDUNE ) the locatiopn is ( 37,44 ) then get close to the stone pillar, drink the water sapta (right click) the stone will glow a whole bunch of water elementals will pop up and find the one that you can attack, kill it then loot, you will recieve water bracers then click on the fire bowl that is right there it will have a yellow gear which means you can do something to it, right click it, VIOLA, after that you will get a quest where you talk to pure water elemental and he will give you water shard, its so easy i couldnt believ anyone has problems with this quest, then hearth out to XR (IF YOUR SMART YO WOULD HAVE STAYED AT iNN THERE) then go to Islen for totem :)	It is not that bad, really. Took my pure water and sapta to Silverpine. Went north from Sepulchre and then south along the coast. Found the shrine. Stood at the stone obelisk and drank the sapta. Many water elementals appeared they do NOT attack. Attacked and killed the Corrupt one (lvl 22, not difficult!). Got the Bracers. Took Bracers and Pure water and opened the brazier. Talked to the Elemental that appears in the middle of the pool on the stone there with a yellow '?' above his head. Quest complete. Sweet! The only tricky part is knowing to attack the CORRUPT ELEMENTAL. He is the one who drops the bracers you need.	Once you reach the sepulcher, there's an extremely easy way to reach the stone. Simply look for a guy behind a counter (He'll have his back towards the sea) and look for a small path. You'll have to 'force' your way into it (aka, run and jump against the mountainside) You'll see a long corridor that leads to the beach. A few falls here and there. you shouldn't lose more than 1/4 health from each fall. This path takes you straight to the area.
/?quest=96	Call of Water (Part 8)	23	20	Horde	2750 XP | Item: Water Totem	Classes	Bring the Shard of Water to Islen Waterseer in the Barrens. Shard of Water Provided Item: Shard of Water	You've returned. Splendid!How went your journey to Silverpine? Did it take you long?It is hard for me to tell if you were successful there because so much of the land has become corrupt. Its stench overwhelms any good that you might have done. But small successes are sometimes as important as large ones. Purifying the water there was instrumental for you, and for all shamans.	Minor Manifestation of Water	Islen Waterseer	Yay you got it!	Did this as soon as I hit 20. I handed in 1 quest in the Crossroads, then turned 1 more quest in at Tarren Mill. I had never been to Ashenvale or Hillsbrad, and the only thing I killed was the elemental. After completing the quest, I had 75%, which is 15 bars, 5 bars left til 21. Lots of exp for level 20. =] Plus, healing stream totem is very nice. Oh, and by the way... GRATS FOR FINISHING THE CHAIN! The wind totem quest is a lot easier than this one. And a lot shorter too...	Once you have the vial of purest water, head to Silverpine forest.&nbsp Drink the water sapta at the shrine, on the shore almost due west of the sepulcher. You will see a bunch of green poisonous water elementals.&nbsp [b]NOTE:[/b] [i]The corrupted one is the same size and shape as the others, so mouse around for him.[/i] Kill the corrupted elemental (level 24) and grab his bracers.&nbsp Then click on the flame in the middle.&nbsp A few seconds later, the purified elementals will appear.&nbsp The one you need to talk to is in the middle, you should see the yellow ?.&nbsp Talk to him, and you'll get the water shard.&nbsp Turn in at the barrens, then you are done. [b]NOTE:[/b]&nbsp [i]If you failed the quest, you have to start at the water shrine in Silverpine forest.&nbsp There is a troll who will send you back to the person in the barrens to get another water sapta.&nbsp It's a lot of running around if you fail, but you need your water totem, so just bear with it.[/i]	you think that the water totem isn't good? how about when you get to ZG, and the healers and the warriors are screaming: poison cleansing, poison cleansing and you're like: omgwindfury. i dont got teh quest teh wtr totem. and they will kick you outta the guild or when you get to MC and the casters want the mana totem. you are like: omgwindfury2- i dont got teh quest!1 you might aswell /gquit when you get in there, cause otherwise they'll do it for you.	This is funny, you guys make such an easy quest, sound so hard, this quest is cake, you guys shouldn't be having this many problems, all you do is take the remianing drops of water and the water sapta that you get from islen, you goto 38,44 in silverpine forest, you dring the sapta at the rock and then you can see the water elementals, hit tab and attack the guy, he drops the bracers, you goto the little shrine, and click on it, it requires the bracers and the drops of water, you complet that quest, then goto the little mound in the water, and wait a few seconds, the guy you need to talk to spawns, you talk to him and then you return to islen and complete the quest, this is the pretty much the same thing you did for the fire quest, just not as much running, really shouldn't be that hard people.
/?quest=8413	Da Voodoo	52 Dungeon	50	Horde	6350 XP | Pick: [Azurite Fists, Enamored Water Spirit, Wildstaff]	Classes	Bring the voodoo feathers to Bath'rah the Windwatcher. Amber Voodoo Feather (2) Blue Voodoo Feather (2) Green Voodoo Feather (2)	Where's the feathers, mon?	Bath'rah the Windwatcher	Bath'rah the Windwatcher	WORD OF CAUTION: The trinket will use your water totem slot. You can't have both the trinket and mana tide active at the same time. Be careful to not use the trinket when you have another water totem out!	The staff and gloves are appealing upgrades if you get this quest done in your early 50's, but will be upgraded pretty quickly at level 60. The trinket, on the other hand, will last you well through your 60's.	I'd say the trinket too. You'll eventually end up with better gloves than those, and the staff is pretty poor really. The trinket however can be usefull for ages to come.	Agreed with Kadaan. While the staff and gloves might seem tempting, don't take them. They'll be soon replaced by better items. The trinket, on the other hand, can be used an indefinite number of times, and is a great way of restoring mana over a period of time. In raids, couple this with mana spring totem and / or Mana Tide totem, and you have yourself a great way of restoring mana to your party members over time, helping either healers / casters a lot.	Prereq - https://classicdb.ch/?quest=8412
/?quest=1463	Earth Sapta	4	4	Horde	Item: Earth Sapta	Classes	N/A	N/A	Canaga Earthcaller	Canaga Earthcaller	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=1462	Earth Sapta	4	4	Horde	Item: Earth Sapta	Classes	N/A	N/A	Seer Ravenfeather	Seer Ravenfeather	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=8410	Elemental Mastery	50	50	Horde	3800 XP	Classes	Collect a sample of air, fire, earth and water for Bath'rah the Windwatcher. Elemental Air Elemental Fire Elemental Earth Elemental Water	What you got for me, <class>?	Haromm	Bath'rah the Windwatcher	If you don't want to spend money buying the Elementals from Auction House, you can easily just fly to Arathi Highlands and visit each Circle of binding to farm the Elementals. They got pretty good droprate. Elemental Water: 66,29 Elemental Air: 52,50 Elemental Fire: 25,30 Elemental Earth: 36,58 After that you can just easily run to Hillsbrad Foothills or fly to Southshore / Tarren Mill, and get to the river and just follow it up and you will find the Bath'rah Ruins. MAP: https://classicdb.ch/?npc=6176	You can easily collect these elements from their respective circles of binding in Arathi Highlands.	If you dont want to hunt for the elementals, you can buy them at the AH	80, 66 if u are looking at the map of Alterac mountains.&nbsp 79, 6 if ur lookin at Hillsbrad Foothills.&nbsp PS AH FTW hehe	You only need 1 of each and not 10 of each anymore,
/?quest=1464	Fire Sapta	13	10	Horde	Item: Fire Sapta	Classes	Speak to Telf Joolam for another Fire Sapta.	Speak to Telf Joolam for another Fire Sapta.	Telf Joolam	Telf Joolam	is the sapta quests horde or alliance? fire sapta seems pretty neat...	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=8411	Mastering the Elements	50	50	Horde	3800 XP	Classes	Bring the elements earth, air, fire and water to Bath'rah the Windwatcher. Elemental Air Elemental Earth Elemental Fire Elemental Water	Where's the elements, mon?	Bath'rah the Windwatcher	Bath'rah the Windwatcher	these sell for cheap in the AH, jsut pick them up before heading out to see him. Much easier than farming for them...	actually if you want to farm them just go to arathi highlands, you have all types of elementals there and droprate is pretty decent aswell.	I farmed them in Arathi and it only took me like 15-20 minutes to get them all, and since its close to the cash in location it wasnt too bad. But i checked AH first and none were there.	Yea, just go AH them...it's quick and easy. If you're doing this quests odds are you can afford to AH the items. It costed me 2.5g on BO and was worth it, but next part is somewhat tedious.	This quest no longer seems to exist. Searn Firewarder in Orgrimmar gave me [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=8410]the alliance version[/url] instead.
/?quest=7667	Material Assistance	60	58	Horde	4950 XP	Classes	If you are interested in helping Sagorne Crestrider in Orgrimmar's Valley of Wisdom, bring him an Azerothian Diamond and a Pristine Black Diamond. Azerothian Diamond Pristine Black Diamond	I feel awkward asking for material assistance, but my divination scryer - the device I hope to finish - requires one of each. If you cannot help me, I'd certainly understand.	Sagorne Creststrider	Sagorne Creststrider	none of them is Soulbound, that means that u can buy that from AH	it is kinda crapy.. the coif of elements is almost as good only: Equip: Improves your chance to get a critical strike with spells by 1% is better... I mean just get the trinked 'eye of the beast' from warlords command quest for 2% more crit change.. The should boost the sta and int on this item a bit and make it epic.	pristine diamonds are going for about 80-100 g on my server... i would like to know what i am investing in :)	It starts you on another quest. Have to get the head of the Darkreaver in the basement of the Ossuary in Scholo. We treid to 10 man it has to be 5 manned. Careful though there are 6 series of mob spawns. the 4th on is the worst. 10, 60 and 61 elites spawn. Not sure what you get for the head yet get back to you on that.	Do you plan to wear an element forever? I see this epic as pretty decent. I wish they would substitute strength for intelligence. Im going to jump in on the 'OMFG IDIOT!' arguement. % is a %.. a chance. There is no real telling if you'll crit every hit throughout the duel or not at all. You can make a % to try to determine what % you may crit..but even that is still random, its like a /roll 1-100... So the whole 4.52 min jive based off a math theory imo is very wrong. Percentages in this game are talking about chances, not percentages as in amounts. Your dividing and calculating it as an amount. I suck at math and even I know this. Going around screaming 'omfg this helm sux omfgz0r lawll bbq sauze OH NOESZZZ!' 24/7 isn't going to stop people from wearing it. Its all about personal prefference. With the strength I see it better than elemental for melee situations. Unless you are somehow cursed by blizzard, you have more than 1 slot. Which means you can carry the sky and the elements at the same time via bag..and swap them when you PvP/Duel. Ive seen pristines hit 900g on alliance, I got mine for 200 and my Azerothian for 2-4g. I prefer skyfury over Elements but it wont matter because when I get earthfury, it will be replacing both.
/?quest=7667	Material Assistance	60	58	Horde	4950 XP	Classes	If you are interested in helping Sagorne Crestrider in Orgrimmar's Valley of Wisdom, bring him an Azerothian Diamond and a Pristine Black Diamond. Azerothian Diamond Pristine Black Diamond	I feel awkward asking for material assistance, but my divination scryer - the device I hope to finish - requires one of each. If you cannot help me, I'd certainly understand.	Sagorne Creststrider	Sagorne Creststrider	none of them is Soulbound, that means that u can buy that from AH	it is kinda crapy.. the coif of elements is almost as good only: Equip: Improves your chance to get a critical strike with spells by 1% is better... I mean just get the trinked 'eye of the beast' from warlords command quest for 2% more crit change.. The should boost the sta and int on this item a bit and make it epic.	pristine diamonds are going for about 80-100 g on my server... i would like to know what i am investing in :)	It starts you on another quest. Have to get the head of the Darkreaver in the basement of the Ossuary in Scholo. We treid to 10 man it has to be 5 manned. Careful though there are 6 series of mob spawns. the 4th on is the worst. 10, 60 and 61 elites spawn. Not sure what you get for the head yet get back to you on that.	Do you plan to wear an element forever? I see this epic as pretty decent. I wish they would substitute strength for intelligence. Im going to jump in on the 'OMFG IDIOT!' arguement. % is a %.. a chance. There is no real telling if you'll crit every hit throughout the duel or not at all. You can make a % to try to determine what % you may crit..but even that is still random, its like a /roll 1-100... So the whole 4.52 min jive based off a math theory imo is very wrong. Percentages in this game are talking about chances, not percentages as in amounts. Your dividing and calculating it as an amount. I suck at math and even I know this. Going around screaming 'omfg this helm sux omfgz0r lawll bbq sauze OH NOESZZZ!' 24/7 isn't going to stop people from wearing it. Its all about personal prefference. With the strength I see it better than elemental for melee situations. Unless you are somehow cursed by blizzard, you have more than 1 slot. Which means you can carry the sky and the elements at the same time via bag..and swap them when you PvP/Duel. Ive seen pristines hit 900g on alliance, I got mine for 200 and my Azerothian for 2-4g. I prefer skyfury over Elements but it wont matter because when I get earthfury, it will be replacing both.
/?quest=3093	Rune-Inscribed Note	1	1	Horde	40 XP	Classes	Read the Rune-Inscribed Note and speak to Meela Dawnstrider in Camp Narache. Rune-Inscribed Note Provided Item: Rune-Inscribed Note	As quickly as water falls from the sky, here you are before me. I am pleased by your haste. It means you realize both the importance of our meeting and you being here. I am no leader, but I do understand the elements, and I can speak to the spirits of our people. I will teach you to do the same.	Grull Hawkwind	Meela Dawnstrider	so i ddi teh rune inscribed note quest, but im not gettin searing flames.&nbsp similarilly, i have done rite of vision and not received conjur water.&nbsp why is this happenning does anyuone know?	Are not real Shaman skills. . . . Conjure Water is def. Mage IDK what Searing Flames is off the top of my head.	Where do I get this, or is it a random drop?	N/A	N/A
/?quest=3089	Rune-Inscribed Parchment	1	1	Horde	40 XP	Classes	Read the Rune-Inscribed Parchment and speak to Shikrik in the Valley of Trials. Rune-Inscribed Parchment Provided Item: Rune-Inscribed Parchment	So, you've arrived. I was beginning to wonder when you would show yourself. I sent the parchment some time ago--I wasn't sure if it had arrived.But enough chatter... you're here because you have been chosen, chosen to lead the spiritual lives of our people.	Gornek	Shikrik	The Troll equivalent of this quest is [quest=3084 domain=classic], which is not appearing on the list of Durotar quests at the moment.	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=3084	Rune-Inscribed Tablet	1	1	Horde	40 XP	Classes	Read the Rune-Inscribed Tablet and speak to Shikrik in the Valley of Trials. Rune-Inscribed Tablet Provided Item: Rune-Inscribed Tablet	Ah, welcome, <name>. I'm pleased you have arrived. My days have become long and even busy what with so many students to teach, but the coming of one of your ilk brings me a great sense of accomplishment--I remember the days when I was taught by one of your shamans.	Gornek	Shikrik	This quest is given to shamans after they finish the [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=788]Cutting Teeth[/url] quest in [url=http://classicdb.ch/?maps=14:490673490640490607492559490533484518437533450524426535402551397563386601386625387638388652430728439730455732476732487720490704490691492652492621492578461522468514417537409539388572402699410704414720462739448737389681388667392697493596492545476508384588]Valley of Trials[/url]. Most shamans (usually orc or troll) are level two when this quest is turned in, hence the ability to learn a new spell. The shaman trainer who this quest is turned into is right outside the cave of the quest giver.	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=8412	Spirit Totem	52	50	Horde	5100 XP	Classes	Bring the pieces for the spirit totem to Bath'rah the Windwatcher. Bloodshot Spider Eye (8) Thick Black Claw (8)	The spirits know what we're up to, and they been tryin' to kill me! I hope you got the parts.	Bath'rah the Windwatcher	Bath'rah the Windwatcher	hi guys. I soloed this quest at lvl 51. The area which these mobs can be found are just [b]slightly southeast of the bulwark (34.64)[/b] Droprate isn't all that bad, it seems that the bears, spiders and carrions all seem to drop the quest items. took me about 30min to finish this, q-items drop on average 2nd kill of each mobs. level range 50-52 [ul] [li]Diseased black bear. [/li] [li]Venom mist lurker. [/li] [li]Carrion vulture. [/li] [/ul] Good luck Mem 51 shaman talnivarr	Leads to the quest named 'Da Voodoo': https://classicdb.ch/?quest=8413	this is the last part of the chain https://classicdb.ch/quest=8413	Drop-rate for this quest is considerably bad. Just a heads up.	The Bulwark has plenty of the mobs needed for this quest. The drop rate isn't too bad considering some of the rates I've encountered. Start at 21,58 all the way to 30,30 - plenty of the mobs throughout that area!
/?quest=7668	The Darkreaver Menace	60 Dungeon	58	Horde	9950 XP | Item: Helm of Latent Power	Classes	Use the Divination Scryer in the heart of the Great Ossuary's basement in the Scholomance. Doing so will bring forth spirits you must fight. Defeating these spirits will summon forth Death Knight Darkreaver; defeat him. Bring Darkreaver's Head to Sagorne Creststrider in the Valley of Wisdom, Orgrimmar. Darkreaver's Head Provided Item: Divination Scryer	Time is critical, <name> - have you succeeded in stopping Death Knight Darkreaver's threat?	N/A	N/A	This one was the old quest item cant get it anymore it was changed to skyfury	Did this last night (patch 1.6.1). I found it really quite easy, considering some of the comments that were on Anonymous and Anonymous. Everybody needs to stay in one corner. We used the corner on the right as you enter the room. Our party makeup was protection warrior, mage (with instant AE of course), holy priest and two shamans with resto up to NS. Warrior had full +def tanking gear (the best ottainable outside MC), the other shaman had 7 elements + earthfury boots, the priest had full devout, I wore my +250 healing mail, and the mage had mostly magisters with a handful of other blues and greens. The first wave will be non-elites, 12 of them or so. They all aggroed us at once, so this is what you bring your mage for. AoE, with heals on the mage. We got little to no time to get out of combat after the first wave, so mash that level 55 water button, because as long as you [i]start[/i] drinking in that few seconds, you can keep drinking until the next wave of ghosts are upon you. The 2nd wave were all melee ghosts from memory, and they're elites. We kept stoneskin, earthbind, mana, health, GoA and windfury up at all times. Don't waste mana on magma and fire nova totems, it's of the utmost importance that the shaman(s) keep all their mana for when the priest goes OOM, which will happen very often. This wave wasn't particularly hard, as the ghosts for some reason didn't link all at once, meaning we could take them down almost one by one with good use of shackle. The next wave, from memory, is the hard wave. Somewhere around 9-12 elite ghosts spawn in groups of three, and they all aggro you at once. Even if you range pull them from your corner, the other groups will run (float?) over to where the group you pulled were, then head straight for you. This wave is extremely hard, bordering on impossible. I hope you brought your ankhs. Our prot warrior is very skilled, and he held aggro on all of them. If you have a rogue a secondary warrior (or you, the shaman, if you have neither) use the 'target lowest health' hotkey, which is V or B by default I think, and have everyone assist that person to kill a target. DO NOT have the mage AoE. Kill as many targets as possible, and when you're about to wipe, which is very probable, run into the corner (I mean very corner, mash yourself up against that wall) and wait to die. Self-rez, and rez everyone. The quest will not fail if you wipe. Med up (you won't get aggro if you're in the corner) and pull the last few mobs, who will again link on you. We got 5 mobs down before we died the first time, so the last 4 or so were cake. The final wave involves some caster ghosts who cast shadow bolt. Make sure the priest gives everyone shadow resist, and put down grounding totem. After each wave, a named mob will come. The name is always 'Aspect of ...'. The final wave's named, 'Aspect of Shadow' from memory, is the only one worth mentioning. He casts shadow bolt volley, and has a shield of some variety which is purgeable. He was really the only one we needed to concentrate for. What we did (cheap tactics 4tw) is to keep the nameds constantly shackled, and have our own spirit and mana/health totems regen us to full health. It takes a long time, but it can make the ensuing waves so much easier, considering you don't always get time to drink. After these waves, the Darkreaver will spawn in the middle of the room. Med up and buff up, you have plenty of time. The boss looks somewhat like Baron Rivendare, and is quite fun to fight. He has a Balnazzar-esque mind control, and he always used it on one of our shamans, burning our nature's swiftnesses and healing himself. Mind control CAN be purged (use rank 1 purge so as to not knock of another buff) and can of course be dispelled by the priest. That's really the only interesting thing he did. He has a lot of HP and hits relatively hard, but nothing a skilled warrior and priest shouldn't be able to handle, with the shaman throwing the odd heal in. Put a searing totem down, there's no more mobs after this one so you don't have to worry about aggro. After he dies, the head is lootable and can be looted by more than one shaman. [url=/npc=14516]Link to the mob with loot table[/url]. He dropped Oblivion's Touch for us, which is [url=http://levi.teamspeak.org/pulip/wow/WoWScrnShot_061405_013559.jpg] the most awesome looking wand I've ever seen[/url]. But it's borked to attack as a melee weapon, so if you get it, you'll have to wait until 1.8 or 1.9 to have it fixed. Turn in the head to the shaman trainer in Orgrimmar to receive the Helm of Latent Power, or post patch 1.7, the [url=http://img107.imageshack.us/my.php?image=skyfuryhelm0ki.gif]Skyfury Helm[/url], which has a graphic similar to the earthfury helm, and stats: 13 strength 14 stamina 12 spirit 2% crit with spells 1% crit with melee	http://img107.imageshack.us/my.php?image=skyfuryhelm0ki.gif Absolutely ****ing ridiculous. Shaman favoritism at its finest.	well i got this quest after giving away two uber diamonds and now i want to know can these be 10 manned? Cause i hate 5 maning scholo, takes quite a bit of time. Where at Scholo is Great Ossuary's basement anyways? Thanks for any help in advance :-)	@ Zerroni, well, look at the goddamn anathema/bendiction, even with the new and improved helmet, that weapon still woops our quest reward. kthxbye
/?quest=8258	The Darkreaver Menace	60 Dungeon	58	Horde	9950 XP | Item: Skyfury Helm	Classes	Use the Divination Scryer in the heart of the Great Ossuary's basement in the Scholomance. Doing so will bring forth spirits you must fight. Defeating these spirits will summon forth Death Knight Darkreaver; defeat him. Bring Darkreaver's Head to Sagorne Creststrider in the Valley of Wisdom, Orgrimmar. Darkreaver's Head Provided Item: Divination Scryer	Time is critical, <name> - have you succeeded in stopping Death Knight Darkreaver's threat?	Sagorne Creststrider	Sagorne Creststrider	Did this quest on my shammy and then next morning went through to take two guidie friends on it. Had read a lot about how hard or even impossible this is and also heard lots of stories since about failed attempts on this server (Thunderhorn). Had two successful runs with no wipes and so thought I would share how we did it. Class mix: Group 1: Shaman x 3 (one rest/enh, two enh/ele), mage and warrior. All well decked out in blues and odd purple. Group 2: Shamans x 3, priest and warrior (warrior well decked out in purple, rest blues) Issues with this fight are the duration requiring mana conservation, and a hard point where burst damage is needed, where most people keep wiping (see notes below on the 3rd wave, green mobs). All mobs are lvl 60-61 undead and immune to war stomps and stunning (exception being grenades which I am pretty sure did stun them). At the end of each wave an 'Aspect Of' spirit appears, which is bigger than the regular mob. Killing it triggers the onset of the next wave. We fought from the SW corner on the pile of bones both times. Apparently this fight was made harder a few patches ago. There are very few points in the fight where you get to drink and eat (and then only for a few seconds), so bring first aid and lots of mana pots! The fight lasts 20-30mins. The Waves: 1) About 10-15 non elites (?red)- moderate hps, easily taken out by a well supported mage. 3 shamans with magma totems did it easily too. Easy. 2) About 15 elites (blue) - one group spawned as a mob of 4 or so, the rest spawned alone or in pairs and headed our way. They don't do a lot of damage but have a fair amount of hps. Just keep up the damage on them, use first aid when you aren't fighting and keep your mana stores not depleted to heal the tank. They do place a curse that increases physical damage by 90 for 10mins. 3) About 12 elites (green) - this is the most difficult wave by far, and the one that people keep wiping on. They all spawn simultaneously, and although I have heard that people get aggroed by all at once, even right in the corner we got about 7 or 8 the first time run straight for us, and about 4 immediately, followed by another 3 10 secs later, on our second run. The spawn points were different each time so I don't know if you can pick the ideal corner. There may be luck involved. In any case we had to deal with about 7-8 elites that hit us all at once. A hard ask as they do hit hard and have a load of hps. Our strategy was to have the warrior do an AE taunt, shield wall and take em all while the offtank (shaman) hit one, with all the others assisting the offtank. Take one at a time and unload everything, and once you have them down to 3 or so you are back to standard aggro management. If you look like you are wiping make sure your SS priest or shaman is right back in the corner. This didn't happen to us luckily!. At the end of this wave you will no doubt have no mana so make sure you shackle the 'Aspect' and wait til health and mana are back to full. Our first group didn't have a priest so just kept popping mana pots and first aid, and moving to the next wave..... 4) About 10-15 elites (purple) - these guys keep wandering over in ones and twos, and if you get behind in killing them they pile up so you have to get a balance of killing them quickly enough but allowing time to regenerate health and mana by any means available. The fire shadow bolts from range so need to be silenced or earth shocked to come and melee like any caster. Their dps seemed higher but they had less HPs than the third wave and were relatively straightforward 5) The Darkreaver - looks like the Baron in Strath. Has a lot of HPs and possesses group members (just purge it), but is actually a straightforward fight. Our tank noticed you can disarm him although he is immunne to stunning. Ok hope that helps. Our second run was very smooth with a priest, actually I would call it easy, as we could shackle the 'Aspect of' spirits and be at full health and mana for the next wave. Have all your damage talents online and ready for that third wave and you should be ok. Difficult but with a good group and lots of healing and tankage it is possible to do it without wiping. Now to try it as an all shaman group of 5!	[b]overview:[/b] The quest involves four waves of nine elite ghosts apiece, plus an elite boss at the end. You can't just charge in all willy-nilly and expect to complete the quest. Unless, of course, you're uber-geared to the max in which case why would you need the reward helm in the first place? :)&nbsp Here's the method my friends and I use and it's never failed. [b]Ideal group:[/b] Well, I'm a priest, so I've never done this quest without a priest. Priests play a roll in making this easier, but I'm thinking it could be done with a resto druid too, so long as they know how to make the most of thier mana pool. Other than that, you could pretty much do this with any class. [b]NOTE:[/b]&nbsp The more shammies the merrier, totems make the fourth wave of ghosts easier to deal with, as you'll see further down this post. &nbsp [b]Before you start the event:[/b] Have your entire group go the the corner that's to your right as you enter Rattlegore's room. I believe it's the south-east corner. You'll stay in that corner for the first two fights. [b]IMPORTANT![/b] STAY in that corner,NO ONE leaves. Again.. you'll see why later. Have the shammie set the summoning item in the center of the room. [b]first wave:[/b] The first wave of ghosts show up all at once. DON'T PANIC! They don't hit very hard, just pick them off one at a time. At the end of the first wave comes a 'boss' ghost, called the aspect of somethingorother. If you have a priest, have them shackle this boss. The next wave of ghosts won't show up until the aspect ghost is dead. Keep the aspect ghost shackled 'til everyone is bandaged/mana'd up. There's no time limit, you can keep him shackled for as long as you like. &nbsp &nbsp Once everyone is ready, kill off the aspect ghost and now comes the [b]second wave:[/b] The second wave is easy too. Nine ghosts, they don't show up all at once. Again, stay in the south-east corner and pull these ghosts to you as they appear. After the ghosts are all killed, another ghost 'boss' shows up, again called the aspect of somethingorother. Now for this aspect, you don't need to shackle him. In fact, don't shackle him. Kill him right off, but when you do, [b]make sure you are all in the south-east corner.[/b] This aspect lays a nasty +90 damage taken curse down on everyone, and if you don't have a mage or a druid, you'll have to wait it out. If you are all in the south-east corner, you won't aggro the [b]third wave:[/b] This is the wipe wave, and with good reason. They have a large aggro radius, and they hit pretty hard. They also have a stamina-weaking spell, which can make it hard for the healer to see just how close to death you really are :) For this wave you'll want to take these guys on three at a time. Here's how: &nbsp The third wave consists of three groups of three ghosts each. Take a look across from you, in the south-west corner. The three ghosts there move around, occasionally one will meander out to the middle of the room, and meander back to the corner. Have your tank run along the south wall into that corner, but he'll have to time it so that he gets to that corner when the three ghosts are more or less bunched togther. If he's timed it well, he'll only pull the three. Then the rest of your group can follow the south wall and finish off the three ghosts. From that corner you can pull the other two groups to you at your leisure. [b]tips:[/b] If your warrior pulls the middle group too and winds up with six ghosts, let him die. You can rez your tank and try again. He might not like that but hey.. that's what tanks are for! Another trick is to have the warrior pop a shield block when he runs into the corner. This buys the healer a little more time to move into the corner and start healing. Don't bother to shackle these guys, it takes too much time and mana, and the healer will pretty much be spam healing at this point. These guys hit pretty hard. &nbsp Another aspect boss shows up after this wave. At this point, shackle him if you need time to regenerate health and mana, the last wave doesn't come 'til the aspect ghost is killed. After the aspect ghost is dead the [b]fourth and last wave[/b] shows up. These guys are also difficult, but managable. They are casters, and they cast a multi-shot shadow bolt that can do a pretty solid amount of damage. Here's where a multi-shammie party comes in handy. Have your shammies spam grounding totems. They absord the shadow bolts and make life easier for your healer. &nbsp For this last group you don't need to stay in any particular corner. Feel free to move around. The initial group is about three ghosts, kill them off as fast as you can. The rest of the ghosts will show up on a timer. [b]tips:[/b] These ghosts are on a timer, which means it's in your best interest to kill them off as quickly as possible, don't stop to regen mana. After the initial burst of ghosts they start showing up one at a time, at which point, if you need to, you can take turns staying out of combat to regen mana. [b]conserve mana[/b] during this fight because the darkreaver shows up after this wave, and you won't get a break. (side note) There's an aspect ghost after this wave too, just kill it off right away. The reaver shows up whether the aspect is dead or not. Congrats! You've made it through all the notorius ghost waves! Now you get to contend with [b]The Darkreaver:[/b] This guy is a straightforward fight, no tricks, other than a mind control that's easily purged. He's the easiest part of the quest, really. Kill his butt&nbsp and go get your nifty new helm! [b]over-all tricks and tips:[/b] Use an MA for this event. Pick someone to be the main assist and everyone target what he's targeting. It's less chaotic, it makes life easier for your healer and tank, and it's a faster way to plow through multiple mobs. &nbsp Don't AOE! It might be tempting, 'specially in the first fight, but don't do it. Chances are, your healer is going to be busy keeping the tank and himself alive. Don't add to his burden by trying to mow down 5-8 mobs at once. &nbsp If the worst happens, and it looks like it's going to be a wipe, everyone run back to the south-east corner. You can safely rez and regroup there to try again. [b]Don't release![/b] Once the event is started, you can't get back into the room again until the instance is reset. I hope this helps clarify how to do this quest. I'm sure it's not the only way to do it, but it's seemed to work for me and my friends. Good luck!	Before the event is triggered, the group will want to go to the corner you'll face by entering the basement and turning right 90 degrees. There are four waves. After each wave, you fight a named mob called 'Aspect of [something]'. Wave 1: As soon as the Divination Scryer is placed, 9 or so very slow moving mobs spawn. It is recommended that the shaman kite the slow movers around the room, making them even slower with earthbind totems. The shaman should be able to avoid taking damage the entire time. One of the other party memebers should start pulling each mob off of the shaman one by one and training it to the rest of the group, who should kill it. Kill all 9, a named comes. Make sure that everyone is in the corner mentioned earlier when the named dies. Wave 2: Mobs will spawn one at a time. Once you kill one, another will spawn. Kill all 9-ish, another named appears. Again, make sure you're in the corner when he dies. Wave 3: 3 linked groups of three spawn. It is recommended that you take the group out by the enterence first. If you have a warrior, have him hug the wall and charge one of the three in that group when they are furthest away grom the middle group. If he accidently pulls the middle group, let him die, res, and try again. If he succeeds, the rest of the part should hug the wall to the other side and take out the group of three. Afterwards, take out the middle group, then the far group. Kill all three groups, a third named spawns. Again, make sure you're in the corner when he dies. Wave 4: One mob spawns, then subsequent ones spawn on a timer. It is important to DPS each one as fast as possible, as these hit hard. You can make life easier by dropping a grounding totem, as that will absorb their hard-hitting range spell. If you have two shamans in the party, it makes it MUCH easier. Kill all 9-ish, another named appears. Kill him, Death Knight Darkreaver spawns. Kill him for the win!	I agree with the above, that this is not difficult. My addition to all the information here is this: The end of each wave is marked by the appearance of a named ghost called 'Aspect of <something>' where something is for example 'Banality'. My opinions on the quest are as follows. When I originally set out to do this quest, I was expecting that it would be as hard or harder than the Warlock epic mount fight in Dire Maul. In fact everyone was looking forward to a very challenging and interesting encounter. What we got was a big disappointment. It was a long and boring slog through a mindless and uninteresting series of mobs. You have loads of time between waves to drink and heal up. Halfway through we were all saying 'omg this is it?'. If you have a warrior, a priest, shaman, warlock and mage you will have no problem. Heck, any type of moderately competent group should be able to finish this. Sit in the North East corner and just take things as they come.	It's not as easy as you say. Theres virtually no time for your party to rest between the fights unless you shackle the last mob and then just wait for your spirit to rejuvinate your health and mana. The only times you can rest are between the 2nd wave and the green ghosts (if your in the NW corner). The only real problem my group had was that the Curropted Aspect (green mini-boss)wouldn't stay shackled so we couldn't restore our health and mana. The purples tore us apart since we went into the fight with half health and half mana. It may have also been that our dumbass warrior wouldn't take the aggro off the casters, but you never know. I'll try your idea about keeping my out of battle so I can rez the rest of the party when they die. Wouldn't the mobs just aggro me after they've finished with my party though?
/?quest=7668	The Darkreaver Menace	60 Dungeon	58	Horde	9950 XP | Item: Helm of Latent Power	Classes	Use the Divination Scryer in the heart of the Great Ossuary's basement in the Scholomance. Doing so will bring forth spirits you must fight. Defeating these spirits will summon forth Death Knight Darkreaver; defeat him. Bring Darkreaver's Head to Sagorne Creststrider in the Valley of Wisdom, Orgrimmar. Darkreaver's Head Provided Item: Divination Scryer	Time is critical, <name> - have you succeeded in stopping Death Knight Darkreaver's threat?	N/A	N/A	This one was the old quest item cant get it anymore it was changed to skyfury	Did this last night (patch 1.6.1). I found it really quite easy, considering some of the comments that were on Anonymous and Anonymous. Everybody needs to stay in one corner. We used the corner on the right as you enter the room. Our party makeup was protection warrior, mage (with instant AE of course), holy priest and two shamans with resto up to NS. Warrior had full +def tanking gear (the best ottainable outside MC), the other shaman had 7 elements + earthfury boots, the priest had full devout, I wore my +250 healing mail, and the mage had mostly magisters with a handful of other blues and greens. The first wave will be non-elites, 12 of them or so. They all aggroed us at once, so this is what you bring your mage for. AoE, with heals on the mage. We got little to no time to get out of combat after the first wave, so mash that level 55 water button, because as long as you [i]start[/i] drinking in that few seconds, you can keep drinking until the next wave of ghosts are upon you. The 2nd wave were all melee ghosts from memory, and they're elites. We kept stoneskin, earthbind, mana, health, GoA and windfury up at all times. Don't waste mana on magma and fire nova totems, it's of the utmost importance that the shaman(s) keep all their mana for when the priest goes OOM, which will happen very often. This wave wasn't particularly hard, as the ghosts for some reason didn't link all at once, meaning we could take them down almost one by one with good use of shackle. The next wave, from memory, is the hard wave. Somewhere around 9-12 elite ghosts spawn in groups of three, and they all aggro you at once. Even if you range pull them from your corner, the other groups will run (float?) over to where the group you pulled were, then head straight for you. This wave is extremely hard, bordering on impossible. I hope you brought your ankhs. Our prot warrior is very skilled, and he held aggro on all of them. If you have a rogue a secondary warrior (or you, the shaman, if you have neither) use the 'target lowest health' hotkey, which is V or B by default I think, and have everyone assist that person to kill a target. DO NOT have the mage AoE. Kill as many targets as possible, and when you're about to wipe, which is very probable, run into the corner (I mean very corner, mash yourself up against that wall) and wait to die. Self-rez, and rez everyone. The quest will not fail if you wipe. Med up (you won't get aggro if you're in the corner) and pull the last few mobs, who will again link on you. We got 5 mobs down before we died the first time, so the last 4 or so were cake. The final wave involves some caster ghosts who cast shadow bolt. Make sure the priest gives everyone shadow resist, and put down grounding totem. After each wave, a named mob will come. The name is always 'Aspect of ...'. The final wave's named, 'Aspect of Shadow' from memory, is the only one worth mentioning. He casts shadow bolt volley, and has a shield of some variety which is purgeable. He was really the only one we needed to concentrate for. What we did (cheap tactics 4tw) is to keep the nameds constantly shackled, and have our own spirit and mana/health totems regen us to full health. It takes a long time, but it can make the ensuing waves so much easier, considering you don't always get time to drink. After these waves, the Darkreaver will spawn in the middle of the room. Med up and buff up, you have plenty of time. The boss looks somewhat like Baron Rivendare, and is quite fun to fight. He has a Balnazzar-esque mind control, and he always used it on one of our shamans, burning our nature's swiftnesses and healing himself. Mind control CAN be purged (use rank 1 purge so as to not knock of another buff) and can of course be dispelled by the priest. That's really the only interesting thing he did. He has a lot of HP and hits relatively hard, but nothing a skilled warrior and priest shouldn't be able to handle, with the shaman throwing the odd heal in. Put a searing totem down, there's no more mobs after this one so you don't have to worry about aggro. After he dies, the head is lootable and can be looted by more than one shaman. [url=/npc=14516]Link to the mob with loot table[/url]. He dropped Oblivion's Touch for us, which is [url=http://levi.teamspeak.org/pulip/wow/WoWScrnShot_061405_013559.jpg] the most awesome looking wand I've ever seen[/url]. But it's borked to attack as a melee weapon, so if you get it, you'll have to wait until 1.8 or 1.9 to have it fixed. Turn in the head to the shaman trainer in Orgrimmar to receive the Helm of Latent Power, or post patch 1.7, the [url=http://img107.imageshack.us/my.php?image=skyfuryhelm0ki.gif]Skyfury Helm[/url], which has a graphic similar to the earthfury helm, and stats: 13 strength 14 stamina 12 spirit 2% crit with spells 1% crit with melee	http://img107.imageshack.us/my.php?image=skyfuryhelm0ki.gif Absolutely ****ing ridiculous. Shaman favoritism at its finest.	well i got this quest after giving away two uber diamonds and now i want to know can these be 10 manned? Cause i hate 5 maning scholo, takes quite a bit of time. Where at Scholo is Great Ossuary's basement anyways? Thanks for any help in advance :-)	@ Zerroni, well, look at the goddamn anathema/bendiction, even with the new and improved helmet, that weapon still woops our quest reward. kthxbye
/?quest=972	Water Sapta	20	20	Both	Item: Water Sapta	Classes	N/A	N/A	Islen Waterseer	Islen Waterseer	Go to the back (west end) of the sepulcher, behind the vendor on the right, climb up behind the tree and make your way to the beach. The area is at 38,44 First drink the Water Sapta by the stone, Find the one elemenal in the crowd that you can attack and kill him. Take the bracers. Click on the fire, and wait for the new water elemental, speak to him to receive you quest items.	its was a long fligh you lose soem money and you don't wanna play for liek a day after it caus eof all the travling. but after that its fun. I mean you get a new cool totem :)	any completed this if so leave details please i want to know risks Edited, Thu Nov 24 22:04:53 2005	N/A	N/A
