# Quest Data for Eastern Kingdoms - Arathi Highlands
# Generated: 2025-08-18 16:45:11
# Total quests: 50
# Comment scrape timestamp: 2025-08-18 17:18:23

Quest Extension	Name	Level	Required Level	Faction	Rewards	Category	Instructions	Progress	Start	End	Comment1	Comment2	Comment3	Comment4	Comment5
/?quest=695	An Apprentice's Enchantment	39 Group	30	Alliance	300 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak to Skuerto. Provided Item: Enchanted Agate	N/A	Apprentice Kryten	Skuerto	The part of the quest you needed it for was removed. I just finished the whole chain and never had to use it	The tower is at 18,69 - do not mix it up for the keep.	There are no items in the tower only a friendly water element...where are the items cause i cant complete the quest..please help me	You have to talk to Skuerto before getting the third part - Attack on the Tower.	The items are in the chests inside the tower. One on each floor as you go up the stairs. See https://classicdb.ch/quest=696
/?quest=696	Attack on the Tower	39 Group	30	Alliance	3000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find Trelane's Phylactery, Trelane's Orb, and Trelane's Ember Agate, and return them to Skuerto at Refuge Pointe. Trelane's Phylactery Trelane's Orb Trelane's Ember Agate	You do this, an' I'm sure Malin'll be more than pleased with you.	Skuerto	Skuerto	For me, this went exactly as scoolio described, except that I died the fourth time before I could get out and get away. ^_^ Just make sure that each time you die, you're somewhere inside the tower. This could be fought with a full party of mid-40's or three lvl 50's, but at 48 this quest was gray and I didn't get squat for xp. The reward hardly covered the equipment repair costs, so this was a serious waste of time. >_>	1st stair landing - 18,68 Phylactery 2nd floor - 18,67 Ember Agate 3rd floor - 18,69 Orb If you use the tower's defenses you can pretty safely sneak all the way up to the 3rd floor and work your way down, be quick about it and you should be fine. =)	I went up and down the tower without noticing the first chest: Trelane's Phylactery. Some players complained too they couldnt find it. The thing is that usually you are being chased by several ogres so you dont take the time to look around. If you die, then thats the time to locate the three chests. A tip: dont use the azure agate. It will attract like 5 ogres to the entrance, its better to go inside and kill them one by one. If you are dead inside the tower you can rez in any floor you like. Ogres respawn fast in this area. Go straight to the tower. Best way is taking the second road right. You end up at the right flank of the tower. There in the corner, its possible to jump and get to the tower, it will take you like 20 seconds jumping, but it works. Also, you can jump to the tower from a broken house on the left side. Usually, you die several times before completing this quest. I completed at level 36.	DO NOT activate the tower defenses, it will only make the quest more difficult. If you ignore the tower defense pedestal you will only have to fight at most two ogres at the same time as you make your way up the tower and there will be no need to corpse run. If you want to get to the tower without having to fight the ogres, then look for the high ledge on your left as you pass under the huge archway leading to the ogre infested area. If you jump up on it you can hug the keep wall until you reach the tower without catching any aggro. This ledge will meet with the back side of the tower and form a sharp crease which you can use to get back up on the ledge again and shake any aggro if you decide to make a run out of the tower. (If you decide to activate the tower defenses, you will attract up to six ogres at once inside the tower even with the protective elementals spawned to help you. Brilliant work by the Blizzard quest design team.)	For anyone who wants them the coords for the boxes are: Box 1 - 18.2, 68.1 - it is off the walk way on a platform next to the wall. Box2 - 18.0, 67.9 - this one is next to the wall also Box3 - 18.2, 69.2 - again next to the wall The boxes are very small and do not look like chests at all. When I died I just went to the next box and rez-ed at it. As a druid, at level 42, it was easy enough for me to solo; when you pop to elf form return back to cat and stealth as quickly as you can.
/?quest=652	Breaking the Keystone	42 Group	30	Both	3450 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find and kill Fozruk. Bring the Rod of Order to the Keystone in the Arathi Highlands. Rod of Order	The Keystone is charged with tremendous geomantic energy.	Stone of Inner Binding	Keystone	I am a human mage level 39 and just completed the quest.. here are some tips: Princess Trapped is a very easy quest if you can find the cave.. the cave is hidden on the North-East-North of Hammerfall between the rock and mountains.. the pad is behind the tree.. after you complete the first part, second part is a piece of cake if you are level 38+.. else bring some a good friend with you.. however, the chance that the bindings are cleared of the mobs are big.. Alliance always grinding on the firey things .. Third and the last part: to locate and kill the big ugly fat guy called Fozruk, you first need to locate him.. if you dont have mount, dont spend the whole day looking for him but do something else in Arathi, like killing the Stone Exiles for mount money..&nbsp when you accidently find Fozruk, stay with him and call for help.. General messages are always answered and people will come to help you .. (my clan mates made a raid to help me :P .. just for fun we were with 15 people..) .. so if you have a level 45-60 you can get to work.. make sure you get 'Sleepy' the irritating kobold first, cause he makes you sleep for afew seconds.. after you kill the guy, bring the quest item to the Circle with stone exiles.. after you complete the quest, another level 42 elite appears.. so make sure you are gone or have some help.. (i got help from a level 60 mage undead, i needed to /bow /kneel afew hundred times) .. last part you go to Ironforge, the guy is found in Forlorn Cavern. .. thats it people.. I am still busy doing the Badlands part, but i am waiting till i have my mount (10k xp) .. i dont like walking	Completing this will unlock the next quest in the series, 'Myzrael's Allies' (horde https://classicdb.ch/?quest=688, alliance https://classicdb.ch/?quest=653).	The Keystone is that giant obelisk in the Circle of Inner Binding.	The Keystone is located at the Circle of Inner Binding at 36.1, 58.1.	I killed the giant, and in the time that it took me to kill the remaining two minions (not that long - I am a lvl 48 combat rogue), his corpse despawned! next time, i'll loot him while they beat on me...
/?quest=677	Call to Arms	32	30	Horde	2550 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Slay 10 Witherbark Axe Throwers, 10 Headhunters and 8 Witch Doctors, and return to Drum Fel in the Hammerfall outpost. Witherbark Axe Thrower slain (10) Witherbark Headhunter slain (10) Witherbark Witch Doctor slain (8)	If you have not yet completed my task, then perhaps you are a coward in heart as well as a tyro in war.	Drum Fel	Drum Fel	Can be found at 68,60 Some good herbs to be found around the lake.	The village is southeast of Hammerfall. If you move along the edge of the mountains, you will wind up in an area that has all three of the mobs you have to kill. The axe-throwers are obviously ranged, but you can force them into melee by getting close. The headhunters are straight melee and fight like warriors. The witch doctors can heal and also drop healing totems, so be ready to switch targets or be ready for a long fight. Both the axe-throwers and witch doctors will run when low on health, and that can be bad if you are fighting close to a knot of trolls.	Witherbark Village is South from Hammerfall 66,64 70,70	This section of the quest is a joke.&nbsp Mobs spawn at 68, 62 @ Witherbark Village in Athari.&nbsp They are located all around the lake. Solo'd NP with 33 Tauren Shaman. Can 1v1 every monster...	The place is called Witherbark Village. The coordinates are: 65,63. The levels there range from 31 - 35. I solod this quest with my level 33 Warlock + a succubus.
/?quest=678	Call to Arms	38	30	Horde	2850 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 10 Boulderfist Brutes and 4 Boulderfist Magi, and return to Drum Fel in the Hammerfall outpost. Boulderfist Brute slain (10) Boulderfist Magus slain (4)	You hesitate. Why? You have shown great strength thus far, <name>. Do not fail me now.	Drum Fel	Drum Fel	[b]54,73 is where they are.[/b]	These guys can be found around 54,75 (ish)	These guys hang out around a cave south of Hammerfall, east of the road that runs between Thandol Span and Refuge Pointe. All the mobs you need to kill can be found without going inside the cave. Be careful of the Brutes. They have an Enrage move that makes them very slow but also lets them hit very hard. When their hands get a red glow to them, you can run away easily, as their movement speed is something like 10% of normal. Also be on the lookout for an Ogremind Ring. It's a nice caster ring that tends to drop off these mobs.	While you are here you can do the raptor quest https://classicdb.ch/?quest=701 they are just to the west of the cave. The drop rate for me was about 30%	All found about Boulderfist Hall at 52,75.
/?quest=679	Call to Arms	40 Group	30	Horde	3150 XP | Pick: [Silent Hunter, Skullsplitter]	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 15 Boulderfist Shaman and 10 Boulderfist Lords and return to Drum Fel in the Hammerfall outpost. Boulderfist Shaman slain (15) Boulderfist Lord slain (10)	I see your courage finally wanes. It seems my instincts were correct about you: your strength is nothing compared to your bravado.Return to me when the beast's head has been severed, or return never again.	Drum Fel	Drum Fel	You don't have to go through the front doors of the Stormgarde Keep. If you follow the outside wall on the east side, you will come to a hole in the wall at the very rear of the Keep. This opens up to a ledge right above the mobs you need to kill to finish this quest. This way you don't have to fight your way in.	at location 21,70 hole in the wall as mentioned by others i found to be the best location.&nbsp We stood ontop of the wall and pulled them one at a time, they of course can magically jump up the 20' wall to you. For the Shamen we would hit them with a ranged attack and then ran back outside the wall and around the corner so they were forced to run up to the break in the wall.&nbsp Then we would tie into them.&nbsp 33 Warlock, 38 Rogue & 33 Hunter.&nbsp We did this with all the shamen and all the Lords.&nbsp We did have some time to wait for respawns but it was well worth it.&nbsp We attempted going down into the courtyard to fight but the aggro circle and lack of an exit if overpowered soon showed us to go back and use our origianal method. Side note: the 40 Elite Lords were cosistantly hitting us for between 350 & 450 damage per strike so bring potions or as a rogue keep stunning them. Hope this helps.	[b]Soloed as a level 40 rogue...not real easy, but never died. Stunlock is the way to go with the lords, just stick to using gouge when they zerk and kidney shot. Just be defensive with the lords, don't go tit for tat with 'em, and gouge when they zerk. And take off poisons and anything else that might add DOT so it doesn't interrupt your gouge. It might take a little longer, but you take a lot less damage, trust me. Shammies are a cake walk...cs, bs, kick, ss, ks, and unload. Be uber careful when you look for patroling patterns on the maulers. Don't be afraid to be picky when you have to. Or just do what I did, and pull/sap/assassinate maulers. A little bit o' planning will go a long way![/b]	Bring a group for this one. The mobs are in their own section of Stromgarde, in the southwest. To find their section, head into Stromgarde and look to the right. You should see an entryway into an area full of Alliance guards. Keep moving south from that, but bear right (not up the ramp). In the ogre area, you need to be ready for patrols as well as ogres that run when their health is low. You will see Shamans early on, but the Lords are further in. There are other elite mobs here as well, so bring food/water and friends. I recommend you find a good spot that has two or three of each mob and just farm that area for your kills. Remember that the further you go in, the more you have to kill to get out unless you hearth.	To climb the hill is very difficult, the hill you can get up is the last one before you get to the water. We thought it couldn't be done but then finally someone got up. To get up start on left go up as far are you can then move up and to the right to the next point that you can get up then move up and to the left again. Also it is 38 to 39 elite orges, they can be pulled one at a time if you are careful. It was a lv 52 Mage and 34 Rogue and it was still very hard. Good Luck
/?quest=8384	Claiming Arathi Basin	29 PvP	20	Alliance	1200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring 3 Arathi Basin Marks of Honor to an Alliance Brigadier General outside the battlegrounds. Arathi Basin Mark of Honor (3)	Tell me, what are the news from the front?	Alliance Brigadier General	Alliance Brigadier General	This should be in the Arathi Basin Category and I don't think it is a valid quest anymore	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=8438	Conquering Arathi Basin	59 PvP	50	Horde	6400 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring 3 Arathi Basin Mark of Honor to a Horde Warbringer outside the battlegrounds. Arathi Basin Mark of Honor (3)	You've come back with news from Arathi, <class>?	Horde Warbringer	Horde Warbringer	This should be in the Arathi Basin Category and I don't think its a valid quest anymore	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=635	Crystal in the Mountains	35	30	Both	280 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find the crystal from your vision. Provided Item: Pendant of Myzrael	N/A	Pendant of Myzrael	Shards of Myzrael	Location of the cyrstal ::&nbsp 62,34	Tap the crystal at its just 62, 33, just west of Hammerfall.	Ok. You get the crystal NORTH of the circle with the water elementals. IT send you to the east past Hammerfall to kill kobolds in the gorge. You pick up 12 shards, head all the way through the caverns and find a second large crystal. Activate the crystal for the next part. The next part is taking on the Fire, Water, Lightning elementals to get to the center and activate the stone to recieve a key. Then you go to the rock elementals and you activate the stone there. ONce activating the Rock Elemental stone you recieve the next part. This is the point where you need to kill Fozruk (The elite giant). Can't tell you what to do next, cause this is where I am at on this quest. No clue as to what the reward is.	its location in the Arathi Highlands is 62,34 Edited, Mon Feb 28 13:19:52 2005	If you're having trouble finding the crystal, here's a picture of it. http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v629/namerae/wow/crystal.jpg Edited, Wed Aug 3 21:07:19 2005
/?quest=667	Death From Below	44	35	Both	4650 XP | Pick: [Coldwater Ring, Seafire Band]	Eastern Kingdoms	Protect Shakes O'Breen during the attack. Defend Shakes O'Breen	N/A	Shakes O'Breen	Shakes O'Breen	This quest is ludicrously easy. It can be performed at the lowest possible level. Three waves of Naga appear from behind the hill. One wave of three, one wave of two, and a final wave of three. They are all level 40. Pay attention to the Captain, though, swabbie! He tells you to man the cannon. Head up the ramp to the ship and find the solitary cannon on the main deck. Right-clicking on this cannon while standing beside it will one-shot every Naga that appears in one fell swoop. Wait until the Naga are descending upon the defenders and fire. Every Naga will die instantly. After your three waves are done, collect your reward, matey!	This is actually pretty easy once you get a handle of what exactly you need to do. Basically, there's one cannon on top of the ship that you need to fire (I think it's the only one you are able to interact with).&nbsp Go on the ship and watch in the direction that the cannon aims.&nbsp About 4 waves of naga come up the path and if you fire the cannon when they appear in sight, the cannon kills them outright.&nbsp If you do this correctly, the Captain and his crew won't have to fight anything at all.	I just finished this quest.&nbsp I talked to Shakes O'Breen and he gave me the quest that started off with 'this is bad.' ...'The Naga will be coming from the sea.&nbsp I need you to remain up here with me to fend off the attack.&nbsp Man the cannon and drive them back. Are you ready' As soon as I accepted the quest I ran up the gang-plank to the ship and ran to the cannon on the main deck (its the one to the right and slightly aft when you get on the ship facing to the rear) and manned the cannon that faces toward a slight saddle back on the hillside.&nbsp Once there you will be able to click on the cannon.&nbsp The ogre (Lolo the Lookout} that is standing on shore ran up the hill to the saddle-back where the cannon is facing and he waited there for a short time, then he ran back to his normal place.&nbsp Also several hands (sailors) repositioned to where the ogre normally stands. very shortly thereafter a Naga appeared at the saddle-back and I fired the cannon. The naga droped dead.&nbsp Following the first, more Naga appeared and each time I fired the cannon (from the deck of the ship)and they again dropped dead.&nbsp I continued to fire each time a (or group of) Naga appeared and they immediately droped dead.&nbsp I continued this until I got the message that the quest was completed.&nbsp I did not have to fight hand to hand any Naga.&nbsp I only used the cannon.&nbsp Got my ring (2 Str, 2 Agi, 10 Sta) and was finished.&nbsp Hope this helps to better explain how this quest is easily accomplished.	I walked around for a minute wondering if Naga were going to come or something..and nothing happened.&nbsp So I walked up to the boat and fired the cannon once and it said complete....4650xp at 38 and a nice ring.	I just wanted to add that as I stood at that cannon on the ship, looking out at what the previous poster called a 'saddle back' -- which is actually a PATH, which comes over a rise, on which the Naga DO come for the 'attack' -- as I looked, I did see the Naga from time to time, coming over that rise on the path, for their attack. And my cannon blasts did indeed kill them all!&nbsp :-) Certainly, it all could have been orchestrated by Blizzarda a LOT better for the desired 'sea cannon battle effect', but if you go immediately up the plank from the dock, and turn right once you're on the ship's deck, and position yourself behind the ONLY cannon in that area pointing back toward the side you just came up on (also the only cannon with the live 'gear' cursor!), you will see that you alone, firing that single cannon repeatedly as soon as the cursor appears each time (maybe 15-18 shots total), are responsible for killing all the attacking Naga.&nbsp :-) And aside from the ring award, 4650 experience is GREAT for something as simple and easy as this!&nbsp LOL Admittedly, without the written descriptions here on Anonymous of what this is and how it 'works', I'm sure I never would have seen any Naga, or been the least aware of what the HECK was happening!&nbsp heh heh ... or maybe I might have tried to fight them like normal on that path and been killed, who knows!&nbsp LOL!
/?quest=662	Deep Sea Salvage	40	35	Both	3150 XP | Item: Black Water Hammer	Eastern Kingdoms	First Mate Nilzlix wants you to retrieve the Charts and Logs from the Maiden's Folly and the Spirit of Silverpine. Maiden's Folly Charts Maiden's Folly Log Spirit of Silverpine Charts Spirit of Silverpine Log	How goes the search and recovery mission, <name>? We really need to get those Logs and Charts back from the Maiden's Folly and Spirit of Silverpine.If the information from those sources were to fall into enemy hands, Fleet Master Seahorn would force us down the plank.That is if we ever get out of this mess...	First Mate Nilzlix	First Mate Nilzlix	[b]Maidens Folly[/b] (east-most ship) [u]Maidens Folly Log[/u] (23,85) Head down the stairs from the deck, in that room with the stairs on the 1st floor of the ship is a whole bunch of crap in one corner, the log is a large brown book sitting in a cauldron shaped thing. [u]Maidens Folly Charts[/u] (23,84) Still on the 1st floor of the ship it is in like the centre of the ship. Where the crow's nests post extends through the ship, the charts are against it on the northern side. Charts look like a map or flat square piece of parchment. Also found a chest on the bottom floor of this ship to watch out for. [b]Spirit of Silverpine[/b] (west-most ship) [u]Spirit of Silverpine Charts[/u] (20,85) Head down the stairs from the deck, there are two cannons in this room on the 1st floor - against one is two crates and on one of the crates is the charts - again, looks like a map or square piece of parchment [u]Spirit of Silverpine[/u] (20,85) Directly below the Charts, on the bottom floor of the ship is the Log.&nbsp It lies on the seabed within the bottom floor of the ship. Looks like an open blue book.	Maidens Folly (eastern ship) Maidens Folly Log Head down the stairs from the deck. This puts you on the first floor. On that first floor there is a bunch of junk against the wall. Towards the left side you'll find the log (it looks like a book) in a bucket/cauldron looking thing. Maidens Folly Charts On the first floor in the center of the ship. They're on the northern side of mast that runs through the middle of the ship. Spirit of Silverpine (western ship) Spirit of Silverpine Charts Head down the stairs from the deck, there are two cannons in this room on the 1st floor - against one is two crates and on one of the crates is the charts - again, looks like a map or square piece of parchment Spirit of Silverpine On the very bottom floor of the ship the book is on the sand in the ship. There's a stool/bench a few feet away from it. It's a pain in the ass to get though as there's a ton of Naga around it.	For the purpose of describing the boats the Maiden's Folly is the Northeast ship and the Silverpine is the Southwest ship. 1. Maiden's Folly Map: The hardest one to find it seems. This map is on the middle level of the Northeast boat toward the front of the ship (point end). It is lying on a column inside this largest room on the north side. 2. Maiden's Folly Log: This log is in the Northeast ship in the room with the stairs on the middle floor. The log is hiding in a crate to the left of the door that leads to the rest of the middle section. 3. Spirit of Silverpine Map: This map is on the middle level of the Southwest ship in the room with two cannons. The map iteslf is sitting on some crates next to the cannon that is not pointing out a window. There should not be any nagas in this room. 4. Spirit of Silverpine Log: Bottum level of the Southwest ship, a few feet away from a stool in sand inside the ship. It's guarded by a female naga and a male naga.	To be nice ... this was a strange quest. Like others have said, the ability of the Naga in the ships to pass through walls and decks adds a level of challenge to doing this. The Naga hang out in the holds (lowest level) of the ships in what I saw were normally two groups of three, so six for each ship. Each ship also has a large hole in the hull on the bottom side, so you can easily enter through there and kill the Naga in the hold, then search the ship for quest items. The Naga's ability to pass through the hull can also be used against them because they can be seen from outside and underneath the ship, either by their actual form or their 'shadow spot' on the sea floor. While the line of site problem exists as others here have stated, the Naga can be pulled either by waltzing up to them and poking them with a melee weapon, or waiting for them to aggro you, then they can be pulled outside (usually a group of three). Once combat is intiated, the LOS issue is no longer in play and I was able to freely cast on them even though they were on the other side of a wall. Their corpses can be looted through the walls as well. The most annoying part of this quest was finding the Maiden's Folly charts. Two of us swam around killing Naga for 20 minutes before I gave in and came here to find out where the charts were located. (Nice pictures BTW ^_^) Before starting on this quest I went and did this two leg series first - [quest=2098] It was very easy at lvl 44 to get the elixer. ^_^ [i][small]Edited, Sep 5th 2006 at 8:24am EDT by ShiidouHikaru[/small][/i] [i][small]Edited, Sep 5th 2006 at 8:29am EDT by ShiidouHikaru[/small][/i]	Okay here's my attempt to explain where these are. The MF charts are at 23,84 on the second deck on a low shelf that circles the base of the mast.&nbsp The MF log is at 23,85 also on the second deck at the bow of the ship inside a half-barrel among some crates. The SS charts are at 21,86 on the second deck on top of a barrel near a cannon in the bow.&nbsp The SS log is at 21,85 on the sea floor inside the ship at a hole through the hull (accessible from outside).
/?quest=664	Drowned Sorrows	40	35	Both	3150 XP | Item: Seawolf Gloves	Eastern Kingdoms	Captain Steelgut in Faldir's Cove wants you to kill 10 Daggerspine Raiders and 3 Daggerspine Sorceresses. Daggerspine Raider slain (10) Daggerspine Sorceress slain (3)	Bah, maybe I should go kill those naga scum myself. It's obvious you're not goin' to do it.Maybe I can find some knitting needles so you can keep yourself busy.	Captain Steelgut	Captain Steelgut	If you get a Hydrocane [https://classicdb.ch/?item=9452] from Gnomeregan you won't have to worry about running out of breath. Very handy.	Be wary of this quest. The Daggerspine Raiders can net you for around 7 seconds, so if you don't have some form of underwater breathing, use caution. Try pulling them at max range and fighting at the top of the water. The casters go down wickedly fast, and their sole spell is Lightning Bolt. Piece of cake.	I just did this one, and was glad for my [item=20557] stash. I ate candies until I got [spell=24926]: [b]Yeargh...[/b] for its swim speed buff, then drank an [item=5996]. After that it just became another kill X of Y quest. The twenty minutes for the pumpkin treat buff was just enough for me to complete this quest as well as [quest=662], and [quest=666]. Obviously this isn't an option during the rest of the year, but if you happen to be ready for this quest during the holiday, take advantage of it. One caveat for this quest is it does have an unmentioned prequisite: [quest=663] from the ogre [npc=2766]. It takes maybe ten seconds to complete, but because it's a lower level quest than the others in the area, you may not see the '!'.	If you are also doing the sunken treasure questline, wait to do drowned sorrows until you're on part two of sunken treasure- you'll have to fight 10+ raiders anyway in sunken treasure.	I would like to add that there is no water breathing bubble anywhere near the Nagas. I did this quest with no potions or special items and it took a very long time. Be ready and bring some before. Edit: Don't die, the run is painfull!
/?quest=671	Foul Magics	33	30	Horde	2650 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Get 10 Bloodstone Amulets for Tor'gan in Hammerfall. Bloodstone Amulet (10)	Once-cursed blood still runs through my veins, <name>. If someone... something is summoning demons, it must be stopped.	Tor'gan	Tor'gan	I choose to kill the cows	Arathi Highlands: 34, 26.	Drop rate isn't great, but just killing the syndicate guys around the homestead in northwest arathi is enough for this one.	Dropped By: Arathi Highlands: Syndicate Highwayman (29 - 31) 9.26% (3842) Syndicate Mercenary (31 - 32) 14.70% (4736) Syndicate Pathstalker (32 - 33) 17.67% (3369)	I killed 24 humanoids to get the 10 amulets.&nbsp Drop rate not as bad as indicated and certainly better than many other quests.&nbsp BE CAUTIOUS AS ALLIANCE lurks nearby.&nbsp Had to kill a 35 pally who was interfering w/ my questing.&nbsp I found NO difference in drop rates with the stealthed and unstealthed humanoids.&nbsp -Maelstrom: Aynarra
/?quest=673	Foul Magics	40 Group	35	Horde	3150 XP | Pick: [White Drakeskin Cap, Radiant Silver Bracers]	Eastern Kingdoms	Retrieve Marez Cowl's Bloodstone Orb and bring it to Tor'gan in Hammerfall. Befouled Bloodstone Orb	The burning in my blood... it grows by the day. The warlock must be stopped.	Tor'gan	Tor'gan	It's an orc female. Take a left immediately after you enter stromgarde, kill a few syndicate prowlers and then keep going until you're forced to take a right. She's behind that house. - SJ	done it 3 times and each time the NPC is in the same place. head thru the gates. under the bridge and straight up the ramp/hill to the fountain. turn left and follow the path. you'll see the NPC between a house and the wall. same place every time for me	She is called [b] Marez Cowl [/b] and is a Orc	I have seen her at 29,60 and at 29,64 (The difference being the first left [East] turn, and the second left turn inside the keep.) When I was doing the quest she appeared at 29,64.&nbsp When we were just wondering around and no one had the quest she appeared at 29,60. &nbsp Just my two cents.	I have seen marez in 3 different locations. Take the first left you can when running into stormgarde. Follow it to the end, mind the hidden prowler mobs and conjurers in the ruined buildings. ANyways at the end of the street on your left is a house. I found her behind that house. The second location is stright up from the enterence. Before the large castle is a little courtyard. As soon as you get to the courtyard look to your right. there will be a broken building with a conjurer. She sometimes spawns there rigth next to a little bench. The third location that i have found is to the left form that courtyard. Follow the path all the way to the end and there is a large 2 story building at the end. She can also be behind there. I dont know if she has more spawn locations then that but id reccomend checking thsoe palces first because no other mobs spawn in those spots that i have seen.
/?quest=701	Guile of the Raptor	37	29	Horde	2850 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Acquire 12 Raptor Hearts from Highland Fleshstalkers for Tor'gan. Raptor Heart (12)	My preparations are made, all I require are the raptor hearts.	Tor'gan	Tor'gan	Cosmos coordinates are 51,70 for Fleshstalkers. It'd be wise to go there with [38] Call To Arms as well, so that you can take care of both quests at once and get exp faster.	Like headless murlocs and skull-less humans, these raptors are in fact heartless.	Isn't it scary how many of arathi's raptors are running around without hearts?	[i]yeah the drop rate for each raptor is like 0.8% haha and heck im still working on it now! haha[/i] Actually, the drop rate is higher than 0.8% What people who whinge about 'omfg! low drop rates!1!1' fail to realise is all that thottbot does is collect data that users record while in game. That being said, if Player A runs off and kills 50,000,000 of the raptors that drop the hearts and DOES NOT have the quest, the hearts will never, ever drop. That would be 50,000,000 kills added to the list and greatly decrease the drop %.	Those of you who said this wasn't worth it didn't pay attention to detail:&nbsp I got 5990 exp from this quest once it was completed.&nbsp You take the hearts in (got 2850 exp,) then he tells you to go give an orb to an orc (got 290 exp.)&nbsp You talk to the orc for a minute then go back to the troll who originally gave you the quest (another 2850 exp.) Was lvl 35 when I delivered this.&nbsp Yes, the drop rate is ridiculous, but after all of the kills and delivery I got roughly 30000 exp total.
/?quest=702	Guile of the Raptor	37	29	Horde	290 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Give Tor'gan's Orb to Gor'mul. Tor'gan's Orb Provided Item: Tor'gan's Orb	Returned again have you? Indeed there is nothing more I could wish for now than more of Tor'gan's pity.What have you for me this time? Perhaps a piece of brightly colored string? Or a length of rope to end this misery of mine...	Tor'gan	Gor'mul	10 seconds after finishing this quest, this will be the next quest in this quest line! https://classicdb.ch/?quest=847	The horn isn't what is important.&nbsp What is important is that you get about 5,000 xp for killing raptors and somewhere around another 5,000 xp for completing 2 or 3 little quests.&nbsp Hey, it is a LOT easier than taking on the Dwarves (or a lot of the other Elite Quests) over at Dun Garok in Tarren Mill!	the expirience from all these quests isnt bad considersing all the mobs u have to kill gets u even more i'd say its worth it... maybe the item reward isnt great but the EX is good	How is it hard to find? You did the pervious part, of course.. it's the same guy you gave the last thing to. He's in the same pit with the blacksmith.	This quest didn't take me as long as others would lead you to believe.&nbsp I probably had around a 30% or better drop rate on the hearts. No one else was hunting them and they were spawning as fast as I could kill them.&nbsp They spawn in two areas that I saw.&nbsp Northwest of Boulderfist Hall and Southwest of Boulderfist Hall.&nbsp Boulderfist Hall is almost directly south of the farm. The reward for this quest series....almost 6000 xp at lvl 39 for about 15-20 min work.&nbsp Killed approx. 30-40 raptors.&nbsp Each raptor was worth 200xp at lvl 39 with no Rest xp.&nbsp I had rest xp up til the last 10 or so raptors so I came out around 18,000 xp total doing this quest.
/?quest=847	Guile of the Raptor	37	29	Horde	2850 XP | Item: Call of the Raptor	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Tor'gan.	N/A	Gor'mul	Tor'gan	End q of Guile of the Raptor series (Horde side)	3700 xp as of 2.3 to give an item from one npc to another within 100 feet. Can you say easy.	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=655	Hammerfall	34	29	Horde	270 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Tor'gan in Hammerfall.	N/A	Gor'mul	Tor'gan	74,36	Thanks, Captain.	It's not far. 270xp as L31 Priest for about 10 seconds walking. That's 100 yards for you metrically impared types :-)	N/A	N/A
/?quest=663	Land Ho!	35	35	Both	700 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Talk to Captain O'Breen in Faldir's Cove.	N/A	Lolo the Lookout	Shakes O'Breen	If you come out of the cave and are standing on the cliffs, the ship and dock will be to your left. Jump in the water and swim over. The [b]Captain[/b] is on the dock at [b]32, 81[/b].	The quests here are some of the most well kept secrets in wow. Ive leveled 6 chars here and never ever seen another player. If you are going, dont forget to pick up the [url=http://classicdb.ch/?item=4433]Waterlogged Envelope[/url].	If you arrive in Faldir's Cove in your 40s and don't see any quests, make sure you click on the ogre Lolo and pick this one up. It's the prerequisite for all the other quests in the cove, but because it's just a level 35, it greys out earlier and you may not see the '!'.	this whole series in fadir's cove gives over 30K xp and the only traveling is a single run to booty bay! i strongly recommend that you carry something on you that grants underwater breathing. ;) there is also a solid chest in the drowned reef, so be on the lookout when you're doing the other quests that place you in the reef around the sunken ships!	He's at 31, 82.
/?quest=636	Legends of the Earth	35	30	Both	280 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find the Shards of Myzrael.	N/A	N/A	N/A	Where do you find this book, Legends of the Earth? It says related zones Stormwind City, but I've looked all over for it and had no luck finding it. Anyone know where I can? Thanks.	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=697	Malin's Request	39 Group	30	Alliance	3750 XP | Pick: [Vigilant Buckler, Wingborne Boots]	Eastern Kingdoms	Take the Sealed Letter to Archmage Malin in the Mage Quarter of Stormwind. Sealed Letter to Archmage Malin Provided Item: Sealed Letter to Archmage Malin	Yes? You look vaguely familiar. I do apologize, but have we met? I get so busy I lose track.	Skuerto	Archmage Malin	Man, am I tired of hearing you people griping about quest rewards.&nbsp Is it all about the physical item at the end of the quest?&nbsp Man, if that were the case, I'd have quit playing this game a long time ago.&nbsp Take a look at it from a different perspective: 1950 - Malin's Request (assuming it starts there) 3000 - Wand Over Fist 3000 - Trelane's Defenses 300 - An Apprentise's Enchantment 3000 - Attack on the Tower 3750 - Malin's Request That's a total of 15,000 Experience Points.&nbsp Now, this chain of quests is capable of being completed by someone in the area of level 35.&nbsp At level 35, 15,000 Experience Points is going to consume almost 25% of the total you need to get to the next level.&nbsp That's not reward enough?&nbsp I would say it is.&nbsp It's fantastic XP for ONE QUEST STRING. Quit whining and play the game!	I level slower than anyone else in my guild, because I spend a lot of time doing quests.&nbsp Even grey ones if I have them.&nbsp I guess for me, just having a set goal in mind, and working to accomplish it, plus the somewhat interesting storyline, gives me some satisfaction with the game.&nbsp Play the game however you want, but take it from a 5 year Everquest veteran, once you get into the 'grind mode' and enter the higher levels, a lot of these games start to lose their luster.&nbsp Pretty soon playing the game becomes like work, and you spend your whole time doing the same instance over and over and over, or being LFG to do said instance. So, a recomendation to the newer WoW players, take it slow, explore, and actually READ the text in quest dialog (OMFG! READING?)	40,81	The total reward of this quest chain is around 15k. - SJ	Rewards are still blue as of 2.3 XP bumped up to 5150, Rep still the same 350 Stormwind
/?quest=653	Myzrael's Allies	40	30	Alliance	2350 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Gerrig Bonegrip in the Forlorn Cavern of Ironforge.	N/A	Keystone	Gerrig Bonegrip	To activate this quest you must first finish the Princess Trapped series, which starts at https://classicdb.ch/?quest=642 and finishes https://classicdb.ch/?quest=652 with you killing fozruk (and bringing the rod that drops off him to the keystone)	You get this quest after you kill Fozruk, the roaming elite 42 giant in Arathi, which is actually part of a series too which I *think* you start near the circle of east binding, by clicking on a shard.	west of the circle of east binding theres a large shard and u click it and gives you 'The Princess Trapped'. after u do that, you have to get keys from the outer, west, and east circles, then you unlock the inner circle's keystone('The Stones of Binding'). get a rod from fozruk, back to keystone, kill another giant('Breaking the Keystone'), then the keystone gives you this quest.	I got this quest after killing forzuk, a huge 42 elite spawned (he was orange unlike forzuk). I simply sprinted away to IF. I got 1900xp for that =)	I find it hard to believe that suddenly a quest line would switch over to one side only from being doable by both... I mean it does kinda make sense given the text i've read, but I can't help but wonder if there is a horde side to this... Edit: I see from a quest search for this there is a horde side quest, but seems no one has completed it to any degree yet. Edited, Thu Jan 6 04:45:25 2005
/?quest=688	Myzrael's Allies	40	30	Horde	2350 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Zaruk in Hammerfall.	N/A	Keystone	Zaruk	For this quest becomes available, you must complete the series that begins with The Princess Trapped (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=642) .	/tloc 74,36 near the south gate	he is in the forlown cavern.	Is there a prerequisite to this quest because i can not get the quest from the keystone.&nbsp i am lvl 41 druid.....please help!	This is a followup to the serie wich begins with The Princess Trapped. Got to gather some stuff and kill some giants.
/?quest=681	Northfold Manor	31	30	Both	2500 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 10 Syndicate Highwaymen and 6 Syndicate Mercenaries. Return to Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe. Syndicate Highwayman slain (10) Syndicate Mercenary slain (6)	<name>, with each passing hour our hold on Stromgarde grows more tenuous. You must make haste or our city will surely fall.	Captain Nials	Captain Nials	goto 31,31	the place is on 3131 and the Highwayman are around the farm and unseen...	Northfold Manor is on the eastern side of the road when you head towards Hillsbrad. After you pass Stromgarde (on your left/west), the path splits with a dirt path (to your right/east). You'll walk along with raptors abound, and eventually find Northfold Manor.	After completing this one the same NPC offers: http://classicdb.ch/?quest=682	Northfold Manor is a crucial position in the battle for Stromgarde, as whoever controls it, also controls the trade between Southshore / Tarren Mill and Stromgrade Keep. At the moment the Syndicate are in control, preventing valuble supplies from reaching Stromgrade and Refuge Pointe.
/?quest=672	Raising Spirits	34	29	Horde	2700 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Acquire 10 Highland Raptor Eyes from Highland Striders and Highland Thrashers for Tor'gan in Hammerfall. Highland Raptor Eye (10)	I will create an amulet that will give Gor'mul some of the strength of the raptors. Perhaps that will awaken some flame within him...	Tor'gan	Tor'gan	39,68 (southeast of the Circle of Inner Binding) has plenty of them (the level 33-34 ones). Great xp! 54,46 has plenty of the 30-31 ones. The drop rate seems the same.	i found all the raptors outside Hammerfall Fortress at 68.40! killed all there and got eyes in all of them )	You can esasly do this quest in lvl 30 since you must kill lvl 31-32 beasts.	The raptors are the Highland Striders they drop the eyes, if you don't want to go to far from hammerfall then around 64,40 is a god spot for these beasts.	lol here on Ragnaros I'm getting like 1 in 20/30 raptors. Really pissing me off, you can find the raptors west of hammerfall.
/?quest=674	Raising Spirits	34	29	Horde	270 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Give the Raptor Talon Amulet to Gor'mul. Raptor Talon Amulet Provided Item: Raptor Talon Amulet	What hope is there when the hand of a coward can slay the mightiest of the mightiest? What hope, I ask you!	Tor'gan	Gor'mul	raptors can be found at about 65, 40. drop rate after 10 raptors for me was 2 eye drops.	Gor'mul is a NPC inside the camp. tloc 73,34	How do you get a Raptor-Talon amulet from bringing this dude 10 raptor eyes?	Thanks for posting the cords of the npc's which drop the items in question.	270 at 32 he's at 72,34
/?quest=675	Raising Spirits	34	29	Horde	270 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Tor'gan.	N/A	Gor'mul	Tor'gan	Gor mul is in Hemmerfall under the flight path ares. He will be standing in the middle.	Tor'gan stands below the flight landing platform next to the smelting location in Hammerfall.	were can i find gor maul?	Another 270 exp at 34. At least they are in the same town for message quests :) This also gives a quest to kill 12 more raports of the Fleshstalker varity. Level 37 quest. the flesh stalkers are in the south part of the zone. 55,70 ish Edited, Tue Jan 4 23:55:15 2005	Now gives 310xp as of patch 2.3
/?quest=643	Sigil of Arathor	41 Group	32	Both	3300 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Retrieve the Sigil of Arathor and return it to Zengu in Hammerfall. Sigil of Arathor	Valorcall will not be easy to track down, <name>. Mounted on horseback, he can cover ground quickly. Nonetheless, we must have his sigil.	Zengu	Zengu	I am a 39 shaman and soloed this quest by having the 5 bodygards that wander around help me.&nbsp I saw the calvary and saw the 5 forsaken bodygaurds and started the brawl right in the middle of them i killed one and they killed one and i died but rezed right their and with the help of the 2 bodyguards left we took down Valorcall.&nbsp It was pretty awesome.	I don't know if anyone else has been having this problem, but I couldn't loot this guy if I killed him inside strom. I kept getting 'you don't have permission to loot this corpse'. If you kill him on the road that runs past Strom he'll be lootable. Not the path that leads up to Strom, but the road that runs past it. Good luck	The Cavalery Walks Between The alliance outpost to Stromgarde Keep and actually enter there. The easiest way to find them is to Camp up at the entrance to stromgarde that ajoins to the road. Give it 5 mins and theres yours for the gutting.	He roams the way between Refuge Pointe and Stromgarde. Pretty easy if you sap him and kill guards first. (42 rogue,35 priest)	confirmed, you have to wait till hes on the road that connects to the road leading to stromguarde in order to be able to loot him. even relogging didnt work for me when i killed him any sooner.
/?quest=639	Sigil of Strom	37 Group	32	Horde	2850 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Get the Sigil of Strom for Zengu in Hammerfall. Sigil of Strom	Have you located the first sigil yet? It is most likely carried on the person of one of the Syndicate agents in Stromgarde.	Zengu	Zengu	Enter at: 26,56 and just hope it drops fast.. It took at least 40 kills for this to drop.	Don't make the mistake I did... I was killing anything I could find including the Defenders.&nbsp This thing drops only off of Syndicates so make sure you stick to them.&nbsp Once I started doing that, the drop rate went up haha.&nbsp I got it after probably 20 kills.&nbsp Not horrid.	Make sure you are killing the Syndicate guys, I killed probably 20 of the Stormgarde Defenders with no luck then dropped one Syndicate Thief and found it.	Just go to Stromgarde in SW corner of Arathi. Tloc 26,56	The sigil of Strom drops off of the Syndicate guys at Stromgard Keep (26,59). When you enter the Keep take your first left and start killing as you move down that lane. When you hit a dead end look around for the NPC that drops the Blood orb for the quest Foul Magics if you have it: http://classicdb.ch/?quest=673 These 3 quests are all located in the back of the keep: The Real Threat: http://classicdb.ch/?quest=680 Call to Arms: http://classicdb.ch/?quest=679 [b]Keep in mind that these 3 are all level 40 quests![/b]
/?quest=641	Sigil of Thoradin	40	32	Both	320 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring the restored Sigil of Thoradin to Zengu in Hammerfall. Sigil of Thoradin Provided Item: Sigil of Thoradin	<name>! Do you have the second sigil?	Tor'gan	Zengu	this is the continuation of the quest line that starts with Trollbane http://classicdb.ch/?quest=638 and continues through to The Broken Sigil http://classicdb.ch/?quest=640 Why the sequence is considered split in two I don't know.	This is a followup quest, you need to complete the Stromgarde quests to get it... the reason it says rogue on the NPC is because people's addons aren't perfect, that flag is normally on an item :P	Where is this Zengu? I have searhed Hammerfall 5 times without luck now... Where is he? Coords or desc. plz... //ChosSimbaOne	Just walk down to the troll in Hammerfall.	N/A
/?quest=644	Sigil of Trollbane	42 Group	32	Both	3450 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Prince Galen Trollbane and bring the Sigil of Trollbane to Zengu in Hammerfall. Sigil of Trollbane	You've returned, <name>. Is the line of Ignaeus Trollbane broken?	Zengu	Zengu	enter stromgarde, go to the right, fight through the defenders that you got the fragments from. keep turning to the right and you'll end up on that bridge that you go under when you first enter. cross the bridge, take out the surrounding enemy, then enter the building and kill prince galen (a 44) and his two buddies. not too tough with a group.	go into Strom, up hill, turn right, go into Ally side. Make way thru ally village turnignright, go across bridge. Prince ,Galem Trollbane drops the sigil. He's in a church looking thing at 28,58	Just as an aside there is a way to sneak into the ally area without going through their front door. Looking at Stromgarde from the front, go up to the gate and go right along the front wall. Just around the corner is a break in the wall. Bingo your in their town.	There is a shortcut into Stromgarde in the NW corner of the castle leading into the Alliance area.&nbsp There is a crack in the corner of the wall that you can jump through.&nbsp This allows you to skip killing about 5 or 6 guards on your way in. From this point, angle left and go across the bridge and you are at the chapel.	Found Sigil at [b]28.58[/b] in Stromgarde. Once you enter stromgarde, take the first road to the&nbsp right, passt a few tombs and guards, continue right, cross the bridge, and he is right in front of you in the house. Beware of mobs hiding on both sides of the path up to the house. when you attack the prince, you will aggro 2 of his guards aswell, so be prepared.
/?quest=651	Stones of Binding	38	30	Both	2850 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Gather the Burning Key, the Cresting Key and the Thundering Key from the Stone of West Binding, the Stone of East Binding and the Stone of Outer Binding. Bring them to the Stone of Inner Binding. Burning Key Cresting Key Thundering Key	This is the Stone of Inner Binding. It is the strongest of the binding stones and must be unlocked for the others to open.	Iridescent Shards	Stone of Inner Binding	Thundering Key from 52.50 Burning key from 25.30 Cresting key from 66.29 (go up the hill, then you'll see the water element, dont get fooled by the first circle you see! must go up hill) After getting all 3 keys, go to south west of refuge camp and turn it in. At 36.57, not the large crystal, its a little stone beside it ps. this circles should be spotted on map	Burning Key - 25,30 Cresting Key - 66,29 Thundering Key - 52,50	You just have to use the stones in the middle of the various rock formations in this zone. You will likely have to take out four or five level 39 elementals at each circle in order to get to the middle stone. Each middle stone is surrounded by three elementals, and you have to defeat all three. They will aggro together if you try to use the stone without beating them. Fortunately, not-so-bright players tend to farm these elementals for their drops (I say not-so-bright because it's almost always better to farm something else)( Moderator - Xp is good there, hence people farm em.). Warriors also have a quest to take out elementals, so if you do this at your server's peak time, there is a good chance you can just walk up to each stone and get the appropriate key. Take the three keys to the southernmost circle, with all the earth elementals, to finish this part of the quest.	Inner Binding - 36,58	One of the keys is just west of Norfolk Manor.&nbsp The other key is just northeast of the Circle of binding (just NW of Hammerfall). the last key is in the circle NW of Go-Shek farm. You can get drops from the elements that banish other elements you will face. Once you have all three keys, you go to the cirlce, just south of the road on the way to Stromguard.&nbsp If you go directly south of Refuge pointe, you should hit it. Once you complete, you will get another quest.
/?quest=682	Stromgarde Badges	37 Group	30	Alliance	3550 XP | Item: Stromgarde Cavalry Leggings	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring 7 Stromgarde Badges to Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe. Stromgarde Badge (7)	Have you retrieved any Stromgarde Badges, <name>? The Syndicate must learn they cannot profit from our dead.	Captain Nials	Captain Nials	24,58	You can find the mobs around 26,59	does it always gotta be 'ugh it took me like 4hrs to do this quest and i got some stupid leggings and 3000 xp it was so unworth it.' Shut up! If u dont have the patience to sit down and do this then dont ^&*!@ about it. its a great grinding quest. u end up gettin over 10000 xp from it.	To get this quest you're required to have finished the quest [url=https://classicdb.ch/?quest=681]Northfold Manor[/url] from the same quest giver.	As of Patch 2.3 MoBs are no longer Elite.
/?quest=656	Summoning the Princess	50 Group	30	Both	7100 XP | Item: Pulsating Crystalline Shard	Eastern Kingdoms	Go to the Shards of Myzrael, summon her and defeat her. Gather her Eldritch Shackles and bind them to the Shards of Myzrael. Eldritch Shackles Suggested Players [2] Provided Item: Scroll of Myzrael	The Shards of Myzrael are now strangely quiet.	Theldurin the Lost	Shards of Myzrael	One more reason to be careful and do it your first or second attempt. After 10 minutes or so, she will despawn and you will have to travel back to Badlands to get the Scroll of Myzrael cause the first one you use disappears when used. Lame.	*basically*... once you have the Scroll of Myzrael, given by Theldurin the Lost in Badlands, go to the Shards of Myzrael, located at 63, 34 or http://classicdb.ch/?object=138492. Myzrael is a 44 elite and will spawn elementals every few seconds. They come in groups and will NOT despawn after you kill her. After you kill her, loot the shackles and GO BACK to the Shards and finish the quest. I would post a screenshot of my kill, but then I realized no one cares.	A warning for everyone that thinks this is an easy way to get a great necklace. You need to finish these two quest chains first: [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=642]The Princess Trapped[/url] [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=653]Myzrael's Allies[/url]	spend a little time at each of the circles of binding picking up the charms that the elementals drop you'll be glad you did when you can quickly banish most of myzrael's summoned elementals.	If you are a dumbass like me and tried to solo at too low of a level, you'll need to get another Scroll of Myzrael. Go back to Theldurin the Lost in Badlands (coords 51,77). Abandon th quest, and get again. He'll give you another scroll. By the way, a lvl 45 lock is WAY too low of level to solo this quest.
/?quest=665	Sunken Treasure	40	35	Both	3150 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Escort Professor Phizzlethorpe to the cave and back. Defend Professor Phizzlethorpe	N/A	Professor Phizzlethorpe	Doctor Draxlegauge	Soloed as a lvl 37 hunter after dying a couple of times from endless spawns. I don't think it's bugged. The thing is, he must worked undisturbed for some time. If you fight the mobs inside the cave, he will attack them instead of working, so more mobs spawn ad infinitum until you die. Therefore, stand at the entrance, pull both mobs away from him so he doesn't help and he will do his work while you fight them. This way he will be finished before more mobs have time to respawn. I only had to fight 2 mobs this way. At least it worked for me.	you'll die alot if you're lower than 40, so prepared to get pissed.	Spawns 2 level 40 water elementals, which are immune to frost. Easy quest :)	The key to this quest is to stay in the cave mouth, dont go into the cave with the gnome. This way there are no respawns, only the initial 2 water elementals to deal with. Fighting them at the cave mouth allows the gnome to finish his work undisturbed (and you to finish the quest).	Where there's a will, there's a way. To get past this quest quickly, stay at the entrance of the cave until both elementals spawn. Once they both have aggro on you, head back to the dock, and let the dockworkers take out your problem ^^.
/?quest=666	Sunken Treasure	40	35	Both	3900 XP | Pick: [Gnomish Zapper, Servomechanic Sledgehammer]	Eastern Kingdoms	Doctor Draxlegauge in Faldir's Cove wants you to collect 10 Elven Gems and return the Goggles of Gem Hunting once you are done. Elven Gem (10) Goggles of Gem Hunting Provided Item: Goggles of Gem Hunting	How did the goggles work? Did everything function properly? Adjustments can be made if necessary.Oh, and I'll need those goggles back when you're done. I am sure Captain O'Breen will have many uses for them later on.	Doctor Draxlegauge	Doctor Draxlegauge	put on the goggles and head to 22,90	Use the goggles provided by the quest giver and search throughout the Drowned Reef. The gems will appear as golden dots like other tracked items. See http://classicdb.ch/?object=2712 for the dots at WoWHead.	Very easy Q Put on You Goggels and swim to 19.90 bugged Gem is there when u take gem out of it it respawn in 2 secounds and u can take it again :D	basically all u gotta do is go around the reef with the goggles on and look for the gems on ur minimap...dispatch any enemies around, and you can get the gems. watch ur breath too. if it wasnt for the breath aspect, this mission would be easier. TIP: if you dont have breath potion, only do one at a time, unless its in a shallow area or something. be patient. my rule was: start to head up at 1/3 breath.	I'll say just buy underwater breathing from auction house. I got an okay rate, 5 for 70s. The rest transactions were going 5 for 3g.
/?quest=668	Sunken Treasure	40	35	Both	1550 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Take the Elven Gems to Captain O'Breen. Elven Gems Provided Item: Elven Gems	Ahoy, <class>. What brings you to the bridge?	Doctor Draxlegauge	Shakes O'Breen	Not linked in this chain is the following quest: [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=667]Death From Below[/url]. This is the final part of the quest which yields the reward. It's not linked because there are other prerequisites.	1550 xp and slight rep increase for a 5 second walk :)	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=669	Sunken Treasure	40	35	Both	3150 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Take the Sample Elven Gem to Fleet Master Seahorn in Booty Bay. Sample Elven Gem Provided Item: Sample Elven Gem	What brings you to Booty Bay, <class>?	Shakes O'Breen	Fleet Master Seahorn	Is this quest still bugged wit the reputation? (just found it by browsing the Arathi quests and not sure if its worth doing if it will screw my rep up!)	Same happened to me, incresed and then greatly decresed my standing with Booty Bay.&nbsp I personally believe this is an error and it should have increased reputation with Booty Bay, and greatly decresed reputation with the Bloodsail Buccaneers.	I just did this quest and it said, 'Your reputation in Booty Bay has increased.' then said 'Your reputation in Booty Bay has greatly decreased.' (instead of Bloodsail Buccaneers) anyone else notice that when doing this quest? It took a damned big chunk off---not even friendly to them anymore.	Still the same on March 3, an increase and great decrease with Booty Bay, one right after another.	Has anyone determined if this quest is still bugged?&nbsp (Feb 06) I've been carying the quest item around for a while but the quest isn't worth a reputation drop if it's still bugged.
/?quest=670	Sunken Treasure	40	35	Both	3150 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Deliver Seahorn's Letter to Shakes O'Breen in Arathi Highlands. Seahorn's Sealed Letter Provided Item: Seahorn's Sealed Letter	So was Seahorn impressed? I bet you his smile reached from Booty Bay to Ratchet.	Fleet Master Seahorn	Shakes O'Breen	The quest that everyone is talking about and what this quest leads to, in case someone is reading this and is completely lost, is called [url=https://classicdb.ch/quest=12973]Death From Below[/url].	See [url=https://classicdb.ch/quest=667]This link to the other quest[/url] for the follow up to this one.&nbsp Dunno why its not linked.	Forget going to the cannon, stay on the dock.&nbsp I only had to fight off 3 lvl 41 nagas alongside a ton of NPCs after waiting there for about a minute. Maybe everyone has different luck with this quest.&nbsp The ring makes it definitely worth whatever trouble you have.	Leads to this quest: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=667	At lvl 39 and the Quest red I was hard pressed to think I could do it. But no guts no glory heh. I did what the npc said, Went up to the cannon and as they came up the beach I fired on them. Took all of a minute...&nbsp quest complete :)
/?quest=640	The Broken Sigil	40 Group	32	Horde	3150 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Retrieve the 5 Sigil Fragments from the defenders in Stromgarde, and bring them to Tor'gan in Hammerfall. Sigil Fragment (5)	Throm'ka, <class>. Zengu informed me that you required my assistance?	Zengu	Tor'gan	head into Stormgarde and go to the right, don't go up the ramp.&nbsp Just kill defenders.&nbsp The drop from these is about 1 in 5.&nbsp The good news is the drop is usually more than 1.&nbsp I got drops of 2, 3, and 4 sigils.&nbsp I thought I was missing something after killing 6 of these guys before getting the first drop.	The Sigil was divided into eleven pieces. Go get five of them and have that shaman glue it together. That'll work. We're cool.	Vinidicators definately drop them... i just got 3 off of one =D. Troll Hunters are Priests... they cast Shadow Word Pain, Heal, and Sleep. I reccomend using Deathcoil if your a loc and have it when they are casting heal... nice interrupt + damage. The drop rate is totally random... i killed a defender and got 4 from them, killed 3 hunters in a row and got none... just kill them all. [b]Coords[/b]: 23,60 in Stromgrade	Returning this will allow you to get the quest 'Sigil of Thoradin' (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=641). It involves a lot of running back and forth between Stromgarde and Hammerfall. Setting your Hearthstone to Hammerfall will save you one trip.	The trick here, especially if you're solo, is to get inside Stromgarde Keep - then just attack Defenders. These Sigils are dropped frequently and in multiples (i.e. I was getting Sigils 4 at a time). Of course you'll need to get through the gates (defended by Defenders (!), but not difficult if you can stealth...).
/?quest=642	The Princess Trapped	37	30	Both	2850 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Gather 12 Motes of Myzrael, then bring them to the Iridescent Shards in Drywhisker Gorge. Mote of Myzrael (12)	This cluster of shards looks much like the Shards of Myzrael. But the same feeling of security does not pulse through them.	Shards of Myzrael	Iridescent Shards	The path to the cave starts at 80,40 and the cave is at 81,36.&nbsp There's a crystal in the cave that you need to activate which sends you on the next part of the quest.	The path to the cave starts at 80, 40 and the cave is at 81, 36. (https://classicdb.ch/?npc=2573) I am a warrior and I had little trouble, they run far away and pull a lot of guys so for me I hit them with hamstring so it slows them down.	If you never PvP, the magic-using kobolds in this cave can demonstrate why warriors aren't too fond of fighting mages. Watch for patrols. The magic users have both static spawn points where they simply walk around a few steps as well as much longer patrol routes. My level 37 warrior died twice thanks to fighting two frostbolting kobolds.	Once you gather the twelve crystals, there is a large floating crystal on one of the higher paths in the cave.&nbsp The golden wheel will appear on mouse over.&nbsp Open it and you've turned in the quest and then can get the next in the string. Does anyone but me think the programmers watched The Dark Crystal one too many times?	If you are a miner, also grab all the Lesser Bloodstone Ore you can mine for the 'Favor for Krazek' quest (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=627) you will need a lot of 4 for the quest. I have also made a bit of gold farming this ore and putting lots of 4 in the AH in Booty Bay for 3g a lot.
/?quest=680	The Real Threat	40 Group	30	Horde	3900 XP | Pick: [Mistspray Kilt, Sword of Hammerfall]	Eastern Kingdoms	Slay Or'Kalar and bring his Head to Korin Fel in the Hammerfall outpost. Or'Kalar's Head	Near the Tower of Arathor--that is where you will find Or'Kalar. His death will stop the attacks on Hammerfall and protect my husband's life.I see in your eyes that you think me weak--even dishonorable--for my silence. Some day you will learn what it is to love as I do. Perhaps then you will understand a different kind of strength and honor.In the meantime, do as I ask, and slay Or'Kalar.	Korin Fel	Korin Fel	He is not in the tower, we fought to the top thinking he was. He is N/E of the tower on the second floor of a roofless building. When you come down the&nbsp 'ramp' into the oger area&nbsp and start down the main street you will see a road&nbsp going up a hill to the north.&nbsp I belive it's the only road going up a hill that direction. Go up it and he will be to the west of the top of that street real close with 3 other ogers.	Don't fight your way through Stromgarde, follow the outside of the castle wall to the right (as you face the front gate).&nbsp about 3/4 of the way around there is a hole in the wall that leads directly into the ogre part. go through the opening (hug the wall).&nbsp Follow the inside of the wall to the left.&nbsp when you pass the tower hop down in the corner.&nbsp The boss and three level 38 elites will be right in front of you in a roofless building.&nbsp Stay back against the wall and move to the building on your left.&nbsp Take out the mob in there first.&nbsp In the same building with the boss there is a blueish looking ogre.&nbsp You may want to take him out also (he is easily pullable).&nbsp Go back to the spot against the wall in between where you jumped down and the building where you killed the first mob.&nbsp Attack the boss (probably will not be able to pull any of the four singley).&nbsp Concentrate all firepower on the boss (in case you die before killing his thugs).&nbsp With a little bit of healing and some luck you have finished the quest!&nbsp Hearthstone out and drink to your glory!&nbsp My friend and I (39 Hunter and 41 hunter) did this the other day, lost one of the pets but otherwise came away fine.&nbsp A word of caution for hunters: Don't call your pet until after you have hopped down off the wall!&nbsp Learned this the hard way when our pets ran all the way down the ramp and back around to where we were (and brought plenty of mobs in tow)&nbsp =(	I'm surprised no one mentioned that there was a prerequisite. I could not get this quest until I completed this part of A Call to Arms: http://classicdb.ch/?quest=678	19,68 INSIDE stormgarde	Found him at 19,65 surrounded by 3 lvl39+ boulderfist shamans.
/?quest=687	Theldurin the Lost	40	30	Both	1550 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find Theldurin the Lost.	N/A	Gerrig Bonegrip	Theldurin the Lost	He's at 51,77 in Badlands.	The location of it is 51,77 Directly south of the camp of Stonevault Bonesnappers Good luck )	When you enter the zone, head directly south. He can be found at the southern most section of the Zone, directly at the center of the wall.	It is a quest for both Alliance and Horde, not just Horde..	He is At 51.76 Cya&nbsp All
/?quest=694	Trelane's Defenses	39 Group	30	Alliance	3000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find an Azure Agate and bring it to Apprentice Kryten at Refuge Pointe. Azure Agate	<name>, hello again. Have you found an azure agate yet?	Skuerto	Apprentice Kryten	First you have to do 'Worth its Weight in Gold' quest from Apprentince Kryten, then you have to do 'Wand Over Fist' from the guy near him and then you can get this quest. Quest Item dropped by: Boulderfist Shaman https://classicdb.ch/?npc=2570 this quest gives from 300 XP to 3000 XP	For those of you that are like me and don't actually know how to get to the tower: When you are standing facing Stromgarde turn to the right. Don't actually go inside. Follow the wall outside as closely as you can until you get to the coordinates (21.3, 70.5) Be careful to not fall off ;) You can walk the wall inside, but do watch out because there is a patrol that walks up there as well.	Man, that was easy. Went to cords 18,64. Found the tower. Killed the first 39 elite shaman I saw Got the drop Got out Took a total of 2 minutes	Tower is at 18,64 in Stormguard where the fat smelly Ogers roam. When you activate defences, stand near the frendly water elemental guards as they will help fight.	there is a gap in southern wall of Stromgarde Keep (app coord. 21.70). You just have to go right (if you facing main gate to SK) walkink side the east wall fight one bird turn corner and walk side south wall until u see gap. Three shamans are right under that gap i need kill two others just to clean area, but second shaman droped. If you not druid or rogue have set heartstone to Southshore or other close inn. Of coarse if you want to fight your way out feel free. Hope this will help somebody.
/?quest=645	Trol'kalar	42 Group	32	Both	850 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Retrieve Trol'kalar from Trollbane's tomb in Stromgarde. Sigil of Ignaeus Provided Item: Sigil of Ignaeus	Etchings in the stone upon the face of the tomb of Trollbane match the glowing lines of the Sigil of Ignaeus...	Zengu	Trollbane's Tomb	First of all please don't be misdirected like me. Trol'kalar is a sword not a humanoid. The chaple is where you killed the prince in the 3rd part of the quest chain. As you pass the bridge to get to the chaple, turn right. There will be a few defenders along the way. You'll arrive at the crypt. Go down the crypt. There are 3 protectors there. Slay them and the coffin like object in front of you is Trollbane's tomb. This was easy being a level 70 druid. I just stealhed all the way. I did this quest chain because Darkspear Trolls rep is so hard to obtain as they don't have a cloth qaurtermaster to turn in cloth for rep.	Tomb is at 29,59. Pretty much all you need to know.	similar to the quest before this, but instead of killing the guys in the chapel, there's a walkway to the right. keep going straight until you go into the crypt. kill 3 guys and there you have it.	go through the garden to the right of the chapel (where the prince is), straight down the crypt, taking out a few defenders along the way. kill off the 3 crypt keeper guys, then head straight to the tomb. Right click it, click through the quest stuff, then return to hammerfall and end the whole damn series. soo glad this is all over.	Behind the chapel.. down the tomb.. kill 3 guys.. and retrieve Trol'kalar (a sword) from the tomb of Trollbane.. its simble.. a great catafalque in the back of the room.&nbsp
/?quest=646	Trol'kalar	42 Group	32	Both	4300 XP | Pick: [Blood-tinged Armor, Pit Fighter's Shield]	Eastern Kingdoms	Deliver Trol'kalar to Zengu in Hammerfall. Sheathed Trol'kalar Provided Item: Sheathed Trol'kalar	<name>! Have you taken the sword?	Trollbane's Tomb	Zengu	If your a protection specced, I would roll with the chest piece because the shield is good yes, but you can use Aegis of Scarlet Commander at 39 so the shield is almost pointless.	For a totaly all elite mob Quest that takes you 4 levels to solo the rewards, even if you could equip them, are so not worth the effort involved.. They should at least be usable items for all classes not just mail and shield users.. Nuff said, Hitcha	This quest line is lot more fun with the patch 2.3 changes. New quest experience: 6000 at lvl 41.	hard on my cat though... lvl 44 Orc hunter, took the advice above, just ran straight at the tomb.&nbsp 2 stops on the way to feign death (first at midpoint on the bridge).&nbsp Let my pet distract the mobs.&nbsp Got out of pet range once so no revive needed.&nbsp 2nd Stop, 1/2 way down stairwell to crypt.&nbsp Revived pet.&nbsp Use eyes of the beast to aggro the 3 guards in a corner then ran the hunter to retrieve the item.&nbsp One more feign death at stairwell, then sprint to bridge.&nbsp Jump and bail.&nbsp zero kill XP.&nbsp But the glory of soloing...priceless.	Yeah, but the respawn rate is very high, be carefull !
/?quest=693	Wand over Fist	39	30	Alliance	3000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find Trelane's Wand of Invocation and return it to Skuerto at Refuge Pointe. Trelane's Wand of Invocation	Our goal is the wand, <name>. Focus on that for now.	Skuerto	Skuerto	The cave is in Arathi - lower right corner of the map. As you face the two caves (each surrounded by ogres) it is the cave on the right. Cave entrance is at 54,77. Inside the cave take the left fork. Kor'gresh is at the end of the left tunnel. (There may be a chest in the right tunnel) Kor'gresh's location is 55,82	The quest depends upon completion of the 'Worth its Weight in Gold' quest, also available in the Refuge Point in Arathi Highlands.	53,77	Leads on to https://classicdb.ch/?quest=694	the first cave visible... there are brutes (34-36) orge mages and whitebark beserkers. Only the beserkers are kinda hard. Kor'gresh has some more hitpoints some spells...i did it easily with my 38 human warrior. xp for the quest is about 3000 xp (yellow)
/?quest=684	Wanted! Marez Cowl	39 Group	29	Alliance	3750 XP | Item: Arcane Runed Bracers	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring Marez's head to Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe. Marez's Head	Greetings, <class>. You have a report to make?	Wanted Board	Captain Nials	Her respawn rate is not bugged, she is one of those that respawns at different points.&nbsp I've seen her spawn at the house mentioned above, but also two other places: As you come in, go straight up the walk, past the first intersection.&nbsp I've seen her spawn at the ruined house on the right, past the first intersection. Also past the first intersection, left at the second intersection, all the way to the wall, I've seen her spawn behind the unbroken-down house there. So, three known spawn points for Marez.&nbsp Sorry, didnt think to get tloc's.	On the lower teir, there's a house, if you go in the house...yeah, your right, she's not there. She's behind the house, all by her lonesome.	Your right, she respawned at the 3rd location, up to the 2nd intersection, turn left and behind the house all the way to the end... Coord: 29,64.........	There is more than one spawn point for Marez Cowl. The initial posts here saying behind the last house on the first level are correct (29,62). There is another spawn point for her behind the last house on the second level at 30,64. To get here, go up the main path to the fountain and head to the left. Follow the road all the way to the end and go BEHIND the house to the well... she's doing some funky stuff to the well there. I spent about 10 minutes waiting for her to spawn with no luck at the first spot and then moved on to the second spot.	Turn left when you enter Stromgarde and follow the road to the end. There's a house at the end of the road and Marez is behind the house. Don't do what I did and dash around the house right into her! O.o And beware all the stealthies
/?quest=685	Wanted! Otto and Falconcrest	40 Group	29	Alliance	3900 XP | Pick: [Rod of Sorrow, War Rider Bracers]	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring Otto's Head and Falconcrest's Head to Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe. Otto's Head Falconcrest's Head	Hello. Do you have a report to submit?	Wanted Board	Captain Nials	TLOC: 26,65	Top of tallest bldg. in Stromgarde. Pain in the butt when I last did the quest with 2 groups (all players 33+).	Confirmed as of patch 2.3 nerfed this quest, as well as all involving Stormgarde Keep. Elites have been downgraded to normal :)	I went in with a group last night. It wasn't easy. And we certainly had our due of dying. Before I began, here is the group breakdown. Lv41 warrior Lv38 assassin rogue (me) Lv36 assassin rogue Lv34 holy priest We had no problem clearing the Keep before reaching the final room. Both warrior and priest did an excellent job in their respective duties. Then, we reached the room where Otto and Falconcret are. And hell broke loose. There are 3 mobs (combination of syndicate rogue and magus) in that room, but outside otto and F's aggro area. So we pulled and killed these 3. Both Otto and F are lv40 elite. Standying next to them, there is one 37ish magus elite and one rogue elite guard. When you are facing them, F is standing in the middle of the platform. Otto and magus are to the left and syndicate rogue is to the right. After experimenting(dying) couple of times, we realized magus, otto and F are linked together. Any pull of one of these 3, the other 2 will respond. It is however possible to fight these 3 without aggro the syndicate rogue. (will explain this later) In term of killing difficulty, magus is the easiest. Otto is medium, F is as hard as a piece of rock. Failed attempt 1: 38 rogue sapped F. The group actually managed to kill Otto, but we could not kill magus and syndicate rogue fast enough. F woke up, joined the fight. TGW (total group wipe out). Failed attempt 2: 38 rogue on the way to sap F. Failed to sap, Otto, F and magus join the fight to slaughter poor 38 rogue. 38 rogue panicked, other group members out of team spirit joined in the fight. TGW. In this case, 38 rogue should either die or simply vanish without the entire group aggro mobs. Failed attempt 3: 38 rogue sapped F successfully. The group killed Otto and magus. And just when everybody just starts to pound&nbsp F, all roamers RESPAWN! A 4-on-1 fight turned into a 4-on-4+. The result? TGW. During this attempt, we realize F is as hard as a piece of rock and takes forever to kill. Failed attempt 4: Immediately rez in the hallway outside of room, we were detected by mobs. We actually managed to handle the mob pretty well, but we didn't anticipate the mob flee to aggro tons of other mobs. The result? TGW before even seeing Otto and F. Actually, 38 rogue managed to vanish in time to save himself. This act prompts the warrior player to claim: 'I want to be a rogue for my alt!' Successful attempt: We sent a general channel msg and got ourselves a lv36 mage. We went in again without any difficulty and clear other mobs to leave the last 4 on the platform. 38 rogue saped F. Mage sheep either magus or Otto. Sorry, i was so nervous after sapping F, i did not know who Mage sheep. The point is in this short span (sap only works for 15 sec if im not mistaken), the entire group focus the attack power on one mob. Once F wakes up, warrior and 2 rogues immediately focused on F. Boy, let me tell you it took us a lot of time to kill F. During the fight, 38 rogue realized mage was in trouble, being hit by Otto. 38 rogue left F to attract Otto away from mage. 38 rogue saved the mage and killed Otto. In the mean while, warrior and 36 rogue finished F. Summary: If you are lv50+ or have a 60 friend to watch over you, you pretty much can do whatever you want. But for a group similar to mine, here are some key points. 1. Don't aggro syndicate rogue guard. fighting 3 mobs is better than fighting 4. When you are facing mobs, keep the fight at the left half of the room or at the end of room. Because the syndicate rogue&nbsp is at the right half of the room. 2. Have crowd control ability is the key. Sap and sheep or charm will take 2 out of 3 mobs out of action for a while. And that is the key. Btw, 2 rogues will not be sufficient to stun 2. Because once one rogue saps, the other 2 mobs will be in combat. And sap will not work on a mob who is in combat. We tried that during failed attempt 1. But I suppose you can try to sap simultaneously, but this is hard to be done in a pickup group.&nbsp After the fight, we realized that 37 rogue guard was not even aggroed and still in stealth mode. :) We finished him off, roll on the chest, left the Keep and lived happily ever after.	outta all those comments there were no coors? can i get the coords pls?
/?quest=691	Worth Its Weight in Gold	36	30	Alliance	3500 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find 10 Witherbark Tusks, 4 Witherbark Medicine Pouches and a Shadow Hunter Knife for Apprentice Kryten at Refuge Pointe. Witherbark Tusk (10) Witherbark Medicine Pouch (4) Shadow Hunter Knife	Have you had any luck so far, <name>?<Kryten makes some notes in his journal as he reads.>If my research is correct, the tusks should come from any Witherbark troll. The medicine pouches come from the Witherbark witch doctors, and the strongest of the Witherbark shadow hunters should carry the special knife given to them after they've completed their rites of passage. There's no way to tell which shadow hunters will have the knife until you do battle.	Apprentice Kryten	Apprentice Kryten	This quest is not that hard. Tusks: Are dropped by all Trolls (you'll get them will gathering the other items so don't bother them). Medicine Pouch: Are dropped by trolls with mana. Mostly found on the east side of near the cave. Shadow Hunter Knife: Dropped by Shadow Hunters. Drop rate is pretty high. They stand in the cave. Regards -IBUS	The Tusks drop off of any of the NPC's around the lake , even the Witch Doctors. Medicine Pouches drop from the Witch Doctors around the lake. The knife drops off the Shadow Hunters in the cave at: https://classicdb.ch/?npc=2557 The map is for the NPC's but the location is the same.	Quest is listed as 36, but my 33 druid was able to solo them also. For the lvl 35 headhunters, just use bear form if you need. The others were ok in humanoid or cat form. Had a little less luck with the drops but as long as you're getting exp, they were giving about 150-200. So that adds up too , anyway. killed about 6000 exp worth (at about 200 exp, you can see how many that was). finally made my way into the cave and got the knife on the first shadow hunter. they may drop outside also as stated by others, but only got from these guys while i was doing it. Edited, Wed Mar 9 07:30:10 2005	The location of the Cave is in 68,75 Good luck )	the shadow knife is inside a cave south of the Witherbark village, the rest of the items are dropped by the usual witherbark 'mobs'
