# Quest Data for Eastern Kingdoms - Duskwood
# Generated: 2025-08-18 16:41:25
# Total quests: 79
# Comment scrape timestamp: 2025-08-18 17:21:08

Quest Extension	Name	Level	Required Level	Faction	Rewards	Category	Instructions	Progress	Start	End	Comment1	Comment2	Comment3	Comment4	Comment5
/?quest=231	A Daughter's Love	35	28	Alliance	1350 XP | Item: Archeus	Eastern Kingdoms	Take Sarah Ladimore's ring to Morgan Ladimore's grave. Sarah's Ring Provided Item: Sarah's Ring	Leave me be...	Watcher Ladimore	A Weathered Grave	Easy finding it if you have good directions. Go to Raven Hill Go north to Raven Hill cemetry head to the most northern house on the map or 1 you find it is the highest house as well you'll know when you have found it cus the screen goes blue and there are two torches just outside entrance to house. Once found, face north and align your self with the front of the house(the side with the entrance on) and walk north you cant miss it	Alliance Side Only Minimum Required Level: 28 Upon returning to the Grave where the whole chain started you will be rewarded. (Grave co-ords {17,29}) I would say that this was a excelent end to a great quest chain.	In my opinion, this is more of a paladin quest then the paladin quest for that hammer (though an RPers eyes anyway.) it doesn't feel right that as a paladin, you have to go out and get the supplies to give to someone so you can get a cool hammer. When you could do this quest and get a cool sword while doing a good deed (though to start off the paladin quest, you save someone's life and farm. But still) The weapons you get from both arn't too far off damage wise, and this has a cool proc (which as a SoC paladin, I like more than stats). The Hammer has 4 more max damage (same min) and is .1 faster than archeus, and it has 6 stam and some intelect (7?). I don't know the level on the hammer, but I know the level on archeus is 35, meening you can enchant it with the new enchants that can be gotten from BC. Meh, I guess it's just an opinion thing, but I think this quest is better as a paladin quest then the lvl 22 paladin quest, and the weapon is a better paladin weapon than the paladin weapon (and it's good in the hands of a warrior too XD)	The grave is just a small cross like tombstone sticking out of the ground. If you look at your map - start at the northwestern most building, the house icon, in raven hill and proceed due north - it will be a tad off to your right. If you see the shore you have gone too far.	Grave is at [b]18,29[/b]
/?quest=337	An Old History Book	25	20	Alliance	1500 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Return the book: The History of Stormwind, to the Stormwind Library. An Old History Book Provided Item: An Old History Book	Ooh! What's that old book you have there? Can I see it??	An Old History Book	Milton Sheaf	It is a random drop in Duskwood. Nothing more needs to be said.	I got the book from a skeleton in the cemetary south of the town.. we had two drop in killing the 20 skeletons for a quest.	[b]/tloc 74,8[/b] in Stormwind Keep	loc. 74, 7.4 in Stormwind Keep. You then get a different quest once you turn the book in, called Southshore	Just for Easy Directions, When entering SW keep, take the first Left and keep right.
/?quest=325	Armed and Ready	29	20	Both	600 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring Morbent's Bane to Sven in Duskwood. Morbent's Bane Provided Item: Morbent's Bane	Hello, <name>. You haven't been gone that long, but I see a fire in your eyes I did not see before.	Grimand Elmore	Sven Yorgen	[i]Whenever I need to get to Sven but I'm not in the area, I fly to Sentinal Hill in Westfall, and then just go north-east across the river, and then back. Sure beats running all the way from DS to Sven, who is located so damn far. [/i] Nice suggestion! that is a much faster way to getting to sven! and yes the confirmed location of sven is [b](7, 34)[/b] or the north western most part of darkshire p.s. i hated all the running from darkshire to raven hill! but i guess it was worth all the XP	Sven is in the most northwestern part of Darkshire. To get to him the quickest, fly to Sentinel Hill in Westfall and then go northeast across the river. It's faster than flying into Darkshire and setting out on foot to find him that way.	sven is the guy in north western corner of duskwood	You can find sven at x7, y36 on map.	Morbent has around 4 'helpers' in his room. They will all aggro if one does. Furthermore, when you reach the top of the stairs, if you can clearly see Morbent, he can see you and will aggro, bringing his friends with. They are Skeletal Raiders and such--the kind of thing you find in the surrounding graveyard. Just completed this with level 31 mage and a level 30 paladin, with a level 26 paladin doing nothing but cast heals. 30 Pal pulled all outside, we wiped out the helpers, then turned on Morbent.
/?quest=322	Blessed Arm	29	20	Both	1200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Take the Crate of Lightforge Ingots to Grimand Elmore in Stormwind. Crate of Lightforge Ingots Provided Item: Crate of Lightforge Ingots	How might I ply my craft for you, <class>?	Glorin Steelbrow	Grimand Elmore	Confirmed Location - 51, 12 (basically the same location as the first guy said) To those people without tloc he's in the north west part of the Dwarven District	Confirmed Location - 51, 12 in the north west part of the Dwarven District.	52,12	1200 xp. 50 Ironforge faction at Lvl 33. Grimand is in the dwarven part of Stormwind in a shop in a corner.	N/A
/?quest=253	Bride of the Embalmer	30 Group	20	Alliance	3650 XP | Item: Mantle of Honor | Item: Crest of Darkshire	Eastern Kingdoms	Find Eliza's grave. Retrieve the Embalmer's Heart from her, then return to Ello Ebonlocke. The Embalmer's Heart	Have you yet found Eliza's grave? Do you have the Embalmer's heart?	Lord Ello Ebonlocke	Lord Ello Ebonlocke	ok ive been reading most of these comments and alot of the same questions are being asked over or going unanswered so heres how it goes.&nbsp After delivering the letter, you take it to the mayor, and then to sirra von indi, just outside the mayors big room.&nbsp Sirra will take it then give u a quest to get it back from him after a minute.&nbsp Bring the translated note back to the mayor and he gives you the bride of the embalmer quest. CTMOD rates this quest as lvl 30+(lvl 30 monster with elite status)so you need a solid team to fight her or you need to be around lvl 30 and capable of handling her alone.&nbsp Go back to Abercrombie's shack and go around behind it.&nbsp youll find the burial site of his wife there and you right click it to summon her.&nbsp I am told she has up to 3 guards so be prepared in case that happens. After you kill her loot the heart and takeit back to the mayor, i think that is the end of the chain for good, but its been a while since ive done this and i havent killed the bride yet on my new warrior.&nbsp Also many people have said they get to keep the letter after the quest is over.&nbsp To my knowledge the letter is not important for anything and the rumors that you can use it to spawn stitches are false.&nbsp You can keep it with you or bank it if you really want but id probably just trash it since its not used for anything but this quest. edit: i just did this on my hunter at lvl 30.&nbsp Simply open the grave then run back a short distance so u have room to fight.&nbsp Let your pet tank her.&nbsp after 5-10 seconds she summoned 3 guards to fight but if you start putting all your ranged attacks into play except of course multi shot(DO NOT USE MULTISHOT) you can kill her before she takes out your pet.&nbsp I did end up dieing because she died at the same time as my pet and the guards killed me but i came back and ressed at my body quick enough to loot her before her body dissappeared.	I soloed this as a 28 shadow priest by using the terrain -- specifically, by jumping from the nearby cart onto Abercrombie's shack as soon as I opened the grave. Once you're on that building, the adds will completely ignore you, and it's just a shooting match with Eliza. After she was dead, the adds despawned within about ten seconds.	As a level 33 shadow priest, I believe it's possible to solo Eliza. I (as a level 33 shadow priest) was able to bring her to around 80% health, before a random Shaman jumped in to help and finish her off. But, to be honest, I did not need any help. Here is the synopsis of the strategy I used: 1) Run a little distance from grave after opening. 2) Shackle Eliza. 3) Mind blast Eliza. 4) repeat step 2 Here is the strategy in a little more detail. As many people have already mentioned above, Eliza does two things: She will cast frostbolt / frostnova and during the encounter she will summon three undead guardians, whom I believe are level 29. Because she will try to frostbolt you when you are out of melee range, the basic idea of my strategy was to cast a direct damage spell on her, then immediately shackle her before she can finish casting frostbolt. The shackling has the affects of interrupting her spell casting, allowing you some time to regenerate mana, and preventing her from summoning her undead friends. That's basically all there is to it. When she's shackled, she can't summon her friends. When she's casting frostbolt, she can't summon her friends. A few things to note. You want to cast a quick damage spell, like mind blast or smite. If you mind flay, you will probably not have the time to shackle her before her frostbolt finishes casting. You also don't want to use a spell like Shadow Word: Pain, for obvious reasons (You are using shackle!). You also probably want to wait for the 'Five Second Rule' http://www.wowwiki.com/Formulas:Mana_RegenFive_Second_Rule to fade so that you regenerate some mana. Else, if you decide to spam shackle / mind blast, you run the risk of running out of mana. Good luck.	cords 28,31&nbsp behing the shack	As with several other quests, like the Agent Kearnen rogue quest, [b]you get to keep the document[/b] (in this case a letter) afterwards.&nbsp You can choose whether to [u]hold onto it or get rid of it[/u].
/?quest=157	Deliver the Thread	24	20	Alliance	1450 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring the Ghost Hair Thread to Abercrombie, in his shack north of the Raven Hill Cemetery. Ghost Hair Thread Provided Item: Ghost Hair Thread	I need to string the Ghost Hair Thread along my door and my windows to keep out unwanted spirits. Did you get it for me?	Madame Eva	Abercrombie	This thread delivers.	That Stitches thingy likes to hang out near the hermit's hut and I got aggro'd three times by him trying to give the thread to Abercrombie. So I gave up and came back a little later - he was gone and there wasn't any problem. Anyone else have this problem? >_>	His shack is at 28,31 for all those of you who use co-ords...	'Here is your thread, <name>. It has a thousand uses, from binding evil spirits to [b]sewing life into inanimate objects[/b].' This is the first hint that you are helping Abercrombie create Stitches, the elite abomination.	This thread truly delivers! No lie!
/?quest=164	Deliveries to Sven	23	17	Alliance	925 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Deliver the supplies to Sven. Supplies for Sven Provided Item: Supplies for Sven	You look a sturdy type, <class>. Have you come to join our fight?	Elaine Carevin	Sven Yorgen	The NPC your looking for is called Sven Yorgen located @ 7,34 in Duskwood	The camp is at 7,33. For those who don't read them, the camp is at the top left hand corner of the land when you look at the map. Above Raven Hill.	He is the extreme NW corner of Duskwood. From Sentinhill in Westfall it is almost a straight line to him. If u look at your map you'll see an Island in the river. He is just SE of there. He is really really easy to find.	By the way, north of Sven's camp is a chest with some really nice items ...	It seems that if you meet Sven before doing the quest, you will never get this quest.
/?quest=254	Digging Through the Dirt	35	20	Both		Eastern Kingdoms	N/A	N/A	Eliza's Grave Dirt	Eliza's Grave Dirt	Soloed after patch 2.3 no longer elite. Sheonly summons one helper non-elite as well. Very easy now and This quest is repeatable after you complete it before you turn it in as you can see a blue question mark above her grave. I got a good drop from her after a few times. good luck!	I am not sure. I got the message 'Quest: Digging through the Dirt' completed when I approached the grave of Eliza, the embalmers wife in Duskwood, and she had not yet spawned, I searched the dirt, and got that message. Shortly after she spawned. I had the quest to kill her and retrieve her heart, however never got the quest to dig through the dirt, which seems like it may have been the pre-req for this quest in beta maybe? Maybe having never been updated. I did not gain any experience for it, either.	What's with this quest? No description whatsoever aside from title, zone, and level...And it doesn't show up on Anonymous. Does this even exist?	I've done this quest at level 26 or 27. I don't understand why it states level 35, because it's way easier than that. I think you won't even get xp for the quest at level 35.	N/A
/?quest=93	Dusky Crab Cakes	20	17	Alliance	775 XP | Item: Recipe: Gooey Spider Cake	Eastern Kingdoms	Gather 6 Gooey Spider Legs and bring them to Chef Grual in Darkshire. Gooey Spider Leg (6)	Hail, <name>. Did you get those Gooey Spider Legs yet?	Chef Grual	Chef Grual	Location is Duskwood (65,23), very low drop rate	The chance of drop is about 36% on all spider mobs In Duskwood, the quest is best stacked with the quests 'Eight-Legged Menaces' (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=245) and 'The Totem of Infliction' (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=101) The spiders for the quest are most heavily found around the north of Darkshire, by the river or to the very west.	Found the Black Widow Hatchlings Lvl 24 Dropped them almost every second one they are at 31 52 East Of Raven Hill	if your log says your q is completed but u cant turn in, try either of these: if its a collect-items quest, check your bank, if its not, try /Console ReloadUI	I got a higher drop rate from the green recluse spiders up there than the venom web spiders... just a hint...
/?quest=245	Eight-Legged Menaces	21	17	Alliance	1250 XP | Item: Night Watch Gauntlets	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 15 Pygmy Venom Web Spiders, and then report back to Watcher Dodds in Duskwood. Pygmy Venom Web Spider slain (15)	You'd best be careful when dealing with the spiders, I've lost a few of my men to them, and trust me, it isn't a pleasant sight to see a man hanging upside down in their webs after the venom has started to soften them up.I wouldn't want to see one of the bugs having you for lunch.	Watcher Dodds	Watcher Dodds	This quest Is best done stacked with 'Dusky Crab Cakes' (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=93) For greater efficiency. This quest is found In central Duskwood, If you start in Darkshire and you havn't picked this quest up/compleated it yet, pick up 'Dusky Crab Cakes' from Chef Grual In the Darkshire Inn. The mobs in this quest also play a part in 'The totem of Infliction(https://classicdb.ch/?quest=101), which starts and ends at Madame Eva In Darkshire. The spiders can be found around the very north of the very west of Duskwood.	Plenty of them in the north west corner around Sven Yorgen and Lars in their camp. Approx cords are 10,40	These coordinates are correct, you can find the spiders along the border with Westfall, along with other kinds of spiders and wolves. Respawn rate isn't very high, so kill off other beasts to have them spawn quicker. Just run from south to north and back again a few times. Won't take you more than 20 minutes. Look around before you go after one if your level isn't very high, cause otherwise there'll be 3 spiders and a wolf on top of you in no time.	The Pygmy spiders are all along the riverbank between the bridge to Westfall and the bridge to Red Mtn., but mostly around the bridge to Westfall.	7.40
/?quest=453	Finding the Shadowy Figure	25	20	Alliance	1000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find the Shadowy Figure. Your clues: He is not native to Darkshire. He is a nervous, jittery person. He left Darkshire and headed west. Book from Sven's Farm Provided Item: Book from Sven's Farm	Who are you?? Leave me be!	Tavernkeep Smitts	Jitters	[pad][div align=center][b]18,56 Agreed with these cords[/b][/div][pad] Some people are never happy, you try designing all these quests and see what you come up with, if its hard people complain but when its easy they whine even more lol....	You should look for Jitters. He's south of Raven Hill Cemetary. Coords: 18,56. Walking around the water well.	Go to 'Jitters' (the NPC) who's in the town south of Raven Hill Cemetary, walking around the water well.&nbsp You do some other quests for Jitters earlier.&nbsp Something about crab cakes.	He's 18,56.	He's at (18, 56)
/?quest=171	Four-legged Menaces	21	17	Alliance	3875 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Watcher Callahan wants you to kill 12 Rabid Dire Wolves. Rabid Dire Wolf slain (15)	N/A	Watcher Callahan	Orphan Matron Nightingale	I think an Orphan Hide Bag would've been a worthy reward. :P	For the roleplayers: it's about the children For some of us: it's about REPUTATION! -first 3 quests: 50 rep each for all [alliance/horde] factions. -next 2 quests: 75 rep each for all [alliance/horde] factions. -final turn in: 200 rep each for all [alliance/horde] factions. (assuming you dont chose the gold bag, which is supposed to decrease your rep) ------------------------------- Total: 500 reputation with all of your team's factions. Sure you can get the experience easier somewhere else, but where can you get the rep?&nbsp Also can be done prior to level 60 so for a low enough character even the experience can't be gotten easier.	Ok, this quest isn't all that difficult, at least not if you already have the flightpoints. During Children's Week, pick up your orphan from the matron in the Cathedral District of Stormwind. Place the whistle in an action bar and pull him out only when completing another leg of the quest, otherwise keep him tucked away. Fly from SW to Sentinel Hill and ride out to the lighthouse on an island just off of the beach. (Past Moonbrook. Same place you encountered the ghost captain many levels ago. Beyond Sark and Old Murk-Eye.) Pull your orphan out AFTER it tells you the quest is complete. (He doesn't need to be out to complete these SW orphan quests... tho he will have to be out for at least one leg of the Shatt orphan quests which are not related.) Talk to your orphan to finish it off and tuck him away again. Ride back to the bird in Sentinel and fly to Lock Modan. I believe the town is called Telenaar. (I'd ck and make certain but the server is down right now. Forgive the mispellings of these place-names.) Ride out due north from Telenaar to the Dam on the northern end of the lake. Then ride to the middle of the dam and complete that leg of the quest. Return to the bird in Telenaar and fly to Menethil Harbor. Take the boat from there to Auberdine. Make certain to take the correct boat, there are two. At Auberdine, take another boat to Rut'theran Village and go through the portal there to Darnassus. Take the boy to the bank, which is near the portal, so he can see the tree. Talk to him and he'll give you the next two quests (you've already completed three now). Fly to Theramore or reverse your steps and take the boat from Menethil Harbor to Theramore. (I recommend flying there from Darn. Sure it takes 10-12 minutes, but less work. Go make yourself a nice cup of tea.) Enter the castle in Theramore and go all the way to the top to get the autorgraph of Lady Proudmore for the young lad. Fly to Gadgetztan. Ride out from Gadget to the racetrack north of Gadget and buy him an icecream cone. (You acutally have to buy 5. Only way they come.) The guy who sells the icecream is hard to find. Keep looking. He's behind a building, but definitely outside, not inside. Then you take the young fellow back to the matron in SW and choose your reward. Pig, Turtle, and Rat pets are your choices (and a sack of 5g for those who don't want a pet). They all have their own unique traits... except the gold, it just sits thre. Go with your instincts on the reward.	lol Elyktron do you really think Blizzard is that stupid they didnt make the pets BoP? Think again. If you take the bag of gold you can never EVER get one of the pets anymore on that character. They are unique pets and even have names. You can always get 5 gold, but you can get this pet only once, so you're crazy to take the gold. Maybe if it was 100g, you could take it in consideration.... But 5g is really a rip-off compared to a unique pet.	[url=http://i9.photobucket.com/albums/a89/veruka_247/speedy.jpg]http://i9.photobucket.com/albums/a89/veruka_247/speedy.jpg[/url] Mr. Wiggles is cute, too: [url=http://i9.photobucket.com/albums/a89/veruka_247/mrwiggles.jpg]http://i9.photobucket.com/albums/a89/veruka_247/mrwiggles.jpg[/url]
/?quest=156	Gather Rot Blossoms	24	20	Alliance	975 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Gather 8 Rot Blossoms and bring them to Tavernkeep Smitts in Darkshire. Rot Blossom (8)	Hi, <name>. You have that rot blossoms for me yet?	Tavernkeep Smitts	Tavernkeep Smitts	Coordinates: 80,59 This is outside of Blind Mary's House. It is probably better to run down here than all the way out to Raven Hill to do this quest because of the turn in. The respawn rate is pretty quick if you kill really fast.	The ideal quest to do alongside this would be the second part of the [url=https://classicdb.ch/?quest=57]Night Watch[/url] chain.	The SouthWest portion of Raven Hill cemetary has lvl 24-25 horrors and fiends. They dropped at near 90% rate. Hardest part was finding them alive while others were harvesting. Did this as lvl 33, for lower lvls watch&nbsp out for the gang of gang robbers while you're running around, you'll need help if you spark them off, though the have nice chest at times.	Got them at Raven Hill Cemetary' south part. Skeletal Fiends have a 0% drop rate. Skeletals Horors' have a 99% drop rate. at 7/8 Rot Blossom quest item .. Skeletal Fiends drop the last one -average lvl is 23-25	About a dozen or so lvl 23-24 horrors can be found outside the little house just north of Tranquil Gardens (tloc 80,60 or 81,59..right around there)...Blind Mary's house...the same house where you have to take the comb Decent drop rate on the blossoms and a helluva lot better then running all the @$%^& way to Raven Hill...which you'll have to do anyway about a hundred freaking times while questing in this zone lol sometimes I take the gryph to westfall and run in from there just to avoid that boring run across the zone...
/?quest=149	Ghost Hair Thread	24	20	Alliance	490 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring the Spectral Comb to Blind Mary. Spectral Comb Provided Item: Spectral Comb	Oh please, don't look at me! I tore out these eyes with my own hands, but I can still feel your gaze!I'm hideous! Hideous! Please, look away!!	Madame Eva	Blind Mary	81,59	Blind Mary: 81,59 ^^	To find blind Mary head south out of Darkshire.&nbsp Almost immediately you will see a pumpkin patch and a shack on the left.&nbsp Go to the shack.&nbsp Now head southeast, go over a hill, and there will be the shack where she resides.	For those without coords. Take the first path on the left as you go south. Kill a couple of mobs and she's in the shack. I also picked up a chest on the left hand side of the shack. Nothing too hot, but still a chest. :)	the path to mary's house is the first left going south.
/?quest=133	Ghoulish Effigy	27	20	Alliance	1650 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Gather 7 Ghoul Ribs and bring them to Abercrombie at his shack. Ghoul Rib (7)	I think I hear a pack of Ghouls scurrying around the back of the house - I better put that effigy up quick! Did you get those Ghoul Ribs for me?	Abercrombie	Abercrombie	Kill: -Flesh Eaters -Rotten One's Drop rate for me was like 95%	they are located @ 21,35 but bad drop rate. dont do this quest in party...	keep an&nbsp eye open for the elite level (?) that seems to roam around the area.	Around the tomb at [b]24.35[/b] is awesome. I did this quest in less than 5 minutes. [b]Monsters:[/b] [ul] [li]Flesh Eater [/li] [li]Rotten One [/li] [li]Bone Chewer [/li] [/ul] Basicly every undead creature you find around the tomb.	I think this could be nicely combined with http://classicdb.ch/?quest=58
/?quest=266	Inquire at the Inn	25	20	Alliance	200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Search the inn for clues about the shadowy figure. Book from Sven's Farm Provided Item: Book from Sven's Farm	The Scarlet Raven doesn't see the business it used to, but we still do get travelers passing through.If you can describe the person you're looking for, maybe I'll remember him.	Clerk Daltry	Tavernkeep Smitts	Easy XP, even at lvl 30. I'd advise everyone not to pass this up. It got me 3/4 of the way to 31.	Which Inn is this refering to? I have the book but I can not talk to Jitter and I searched around the Inn but I didn't find any gear icons. Anybody else have this problem?	Quest completes at Tavernkeep Smitts (74,44) in Duskwood	It dosnt end with the inn keeper You need to go to Raven hill and talk to Jitter and then back to Sven	Find the Shadowy Figure
/?quest=5	Jitters' Growling Gut	20	17	Alliance	390 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Chef Grual.	Oh, a shipment from my brother? Splendid! Fortune truly shines on me today!	Jitters	Chef Grual	in darkshire at 73,43	The NPC your looking for is called Chef Grual located @ 73,43 in Duskwood	I got 390 experience for this.., anyone else?	Chef Grual is at the Scarlet Raven Tavern (73,43) Venom web spiders are best found at Brightwood Grove at (70,21)	N/A
/?quest=159	Juice Delivery	24	20	Alliance	975 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring the Zombie Juice to Abercrombie at his shack. Bottle of Zombie Juice Provided Item: Bottle of Zombie Juice	I need that Zombie Juice to keep me warm on these cold, dark nights. Did you get it for me?	Tavernkeep Smitts	Abercrombie	Deliver at 28,32. North east og Raven Hill cemetery.	'Here's your Zombie Juice... ...and be careful with this stuff. [b]It's strong enough to raise the dead![/b]' A thousand thanks, <name>. You warm an old man's heart with [b]your foolish-...I mean...with your kindness![/b]' This is the second hint that you are helping Abercrombie create Sticthes, the elite abomination.	The NPC your looking for is called Abercrombie located @ 28,31 in Duskwood	if you want to get coords you gotta go to the site www.curse-gaming.com and hit the wow addons section, find the coords addon and then doewnload it... once you've downloaded it you gotta find it in the folder you put it in, copy or cut it and paste in the map addons (the addon map is reachable by going to your C&nbsp drive, klicking on program files, world of warcraft, interface and then the addons folder) take care not to delete any blizzard files in there cuz then your game wont work... as i said: paste the addon and then right click it to get the button that installs it (i only know the dutch word so cant help you there) hope this has been of some use to you...	Lots of running back and forth
/?quest=526	Lightforge Ingots	29	20	Alliance	1750 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Gather 5 lightforge ingots, then return to Glorin Steelbrow in the Wetlands. Lightforge Ingot (5)	Did you find the lightforge iron you need?	Glorin Steelbrow	Glorin Steelbrow	1. Find the box: 12,64 2. Then kill the Bluegill Raiders for drops.	I agree with the rest of you, slowest quest ever. The Bluegill tribe is going to need some more raiders...	Heres how I think it works. Either: A-Kill about 30-50 Bluegill Raiders near the sunken shipwreck, Or B-Go as far away as you can, (south, near another camp of them), witch takes a [b]while[/b], but has a quicker DR of 10-30 Ingots. That's how it worksed for me, considering I had two of my toons do it those different ways. I could be wrong, but eh.	The dwarf doesn't have any quests for me. Is there any quest I have to do first?	sorry for being rude with the title but im really frustrated right now... is this quest bugged or do i just have bad luck? ive been killin' more than 30 of these bluegill raiders near the shipwreck and i havent gotten a single ingot cept for the one that you starts this quest...
/?quest=321	Lightforge Iron	29	20	Both	600 XP | Item: Lightforge Ingot	Eastern Kingdoms	Search the wreckage of The Flying Osprey in the Wetlands.	N/A	Glorin Steelbrow	Waterlogged Chest	11,63	The chest is on the small island in the middle of the boat just south-east of the inn of Menethil. Map: https://classicdb.ch/?object=2734	the wreckage is directly to the south of menethil harbor (exact coordinates are 12. 64), you dont have to go out of the town, one ingot is in a chest on the ship, the others ones you have to get on the murloc's around the area (either underwater or in thier camps) as for the debate on whether the drops are more common when you are near the ship, im not sure. all i know is that i was killing murloc raiders in baradin bay (the area directly west/left of the ship) and they were still dropping the lightforge ingots	go due south of the inn, it's right there	Ok the first part of the quest you go straight south out of menethial by the gryphon You will see on you map and mini-map what looks like an island. It is an island and it has a ship broken over it. In the middle of the ship is a grass hill. On that hill are a number of boxes. One small box will turn your cursor into the gear wheel which mean s you can pick something up. You will in all likey hood have to fight a couple of 29 murlocs. On the boat. Once you complete the quest another quest pops up for getting five more bars. You can do this quest. The drop rate is poor so figure you will kill about 12-14 murlocs for your 5 bars. It should be good XP anyway. All the murlocs in the water drop them. I worked my way out the bay and was still getting lightforge some distance from the boat.
/?quest=174	Look To The Stars	25	20	Alliance	2000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Viktori Prism'Antras of Darkshire wants you to bring him a bronze tube. Bronze Tube	Have you found a skilled engineer to create a bronze tube yet?	Viktori Prism'Antras	Viktori Prism'Antras	Sometimes Herble Baubbletump have the bronze tube, he is 'next door'. Go out from Viktori Prism'Antras house, turn left and walk some steps and if you look down you will see anoter house and a Gnome seller, he is Herble (position using cosmos= 77.48) and if he dont have the item, its take realy good time to the iten respaw!	78,48 the engineering and mining supplies guy sells bronze tubes. limited supply	He sells Bronze Tubes, but has a limited supply. If you got there and see that he's not selling any, someone has come and purchased them, and you have to either wait for him to restock, or buy them off the Auction House.	You can log on to another chara (presumably one that has money) and go to Billibub Cogspinner: http://classicdb.ch/?npc=5519 (Stormwind) Gearcutter Cogspinner: http://classicdb.ch/?npc=5175 (Ironforge) ====moot, since this quest is alliance only==== Sovik: http://classicdb.ch/?npc=3413 (Orgrimmar) Elizabeth Van Talen: http://classicdb.ch/?npc=4587 (Undercity) to purchase one then mail it to your character. As of this posting, mailing items between characters on the same acct is instant. No need to fly back.	You can also buy bronze tubes from the Engineering supplier in IF and the Engineering supplier in the dwarf section of Stormwind.&nbsp Unfortunately sometimes people buy them all and put them in the auction house at inflated prices.
/?quest=175	Look To The Stars	25	20	Alliance	1000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Locate Mary and persuade her to give up a reflective surface for Viktori's project.	N/A	Viktori Prism'Antras	Blind Mary	She can be found at 82,59	The Coordinates are [b]81,59[/b] She is in a little shack surround by Lvl 23-24 Skeletal Horrors etc.	if your looking for her cosmos users she is at 81,59 )	Pair this up with the Ghost Hair Thread (http://classicdb.ch/?quest=149) quest, where you also need to find Blind Mary.	Go south-east of Darkshire. Or if you know clock directions - it's five o'clock from the Darkshire fountain. YOu should see a house with a small garden next to it. Blind Mary is in the house.
/?quest=177	Look To The Stars	25	20	Alliance	1500 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Retrieve Blind Mary's Looking Glass from the Insane Ghoul and give it to Viktori in Darkshire. Mary's Looking Glass	I showed Cog the beginnings of our star-viewing machine. He was impressed. Did you happen to find a reflective device?	Blind Mary	Viktori Prism'Antras	Insane Ghoul is at [b]81,72[/b]. He is in the church looking thing in the Tranquil Gardens. Insane Ghoul is a lvl 26, non-elite, no adds to worry&nbsp about other than the mobs that are outside. Estimated respawn: 6 minutes. Also, pretty high chance of getting the disease: Curse of Blood. 10 minutes of Physical damage taken increased by 13.	The building is on the map in the cemetary area but the loc is 82, 72 7 and a half minute respawn	The Insane Ghoul can be found south of Mary's house in the graveyard. He is inside the one building that is surrounded by the graves.	81,72	Spawns inside the building inside the Tranquil Gardens Cemetery. (81,72) Spawn time: 7 minutes. Health: 700-720 Spells: Dazed, Curse of Blood. Drops: Mary's Looking Glass (1st try) Hope this helps. Make sure you talk to Blind Mary before killing the Insane Gnoll.
/?quest=181	Look To The Stars	30	20	Alliance	2450 XP | Pick: [Bracers of the People's Militia6, Bracers of the People's Militia7]	Eastern Kingdoms	Locate Zzarc'Vul in the southern ogre mound in Duskwood and return his monocle to Viktori in Darkshire. Ogre's Monocle	Were you able to convince Zzarc'Vul to lend us his monocle for our experiment?	Viktori Prism'Antras	Viktori Prism'Antras	Zzarc'Vul has new coordinates 36,83 and he is in the cave.	After entering the cave, I went left. Found him at approx loc 37,79. He has another mob near him, I was unable to split it as a mage. Tried twice and each time I got both. Died the first time due to a second add. But the second time went smoothly, sheeped the name, killed the add, then took out Zzarc'Vul.	Stay on the main path going south out of Darkshire, then once you get to the path that goes South into Stranglethorn Vale, take the middle fork. The monsters in the 'Vul'Gol Ogre Mound' range from 26 to 31. Inside the cave, be careful, cause you have a pretty solid chance of getting aggro. Zzarc'Vul is 30, non-elite, and has 2 adds. Did as a 30 Rogue, Sapped an add, then went all out on Zzarc'Vul, got him, auto-looted, and had to Sprint&nbsp out, and used a Healing Potion so, be careful.	Very simple quest. Soloed it at level 67. Took me about 2-3 sec to kill him and the other ogre.	The cave is at: 34,78 Entered, went to the left the two first chances and there he was. It had one mob in it's side, dont think it's posable to seperate them. Used shadow word: pain on both then i feared them and&nbsp started using mind blast and mind flay on the mob before i wanded the boss to death. Remember to clear around first
/?quest=228	Mor'Ladim	35 Group	28	Both	2050 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Mor'Ladim, then return his skull to Commander Althea Ebonlocke in Darkshire. Mor'Ladim's Skull	I don't blame you if you're having trouble with him, <name>. Some of our strongest Watchers have been lost to Mor'Ladim.	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	I was able to solo Mor'Ladim as a level 33 shadow priest, without using potions or anything special. Well, I used the Draenei racial symbol of hope, but after you read what I did, you will find that any priest is capable of soloing Mor'Ladim. The basic strategy for a priest is to 'shackle-kite' him. You want to open with a direct damage spell like mind blast or smite. Or, I suppose if you like, you could also try mind flay. Then once Mor'Ladim starts chasing you, shackle him. Get a little range, wait for some mana to regenerate, then re-open with another direct damage spell. A few things to note: If you constantly damage and shackle, you will probably run out of mana. So, you really want to wait for mana to regenerate during the shackle. Also, it might take you a little while to wear Mor'Ladim down with this strategy. But ultimately, you will able to solo him. If you have 5 talent points in shadow-weaving, you might be better off using mind blast so that the shadow vulnerability debuff stacks on Mor'Ladim. It's helpful, but not necessary. Also, since you are using shackle, I hope it is obvious that you don't want to do something like, Shadow Word: Pain Mor'Ladim. It will break the shackle for the duration. There is also a little court yard in Raven Hill Cemetary, which features a broken statue and a cobbled area around it. I found this to be relatively free from all the other monsters roaming the cemetary, and it's a good spot to shackle-kite Mor'Ladim. Just kite him to one side, shackle, and then run to the opposite side. Hope this was helpful.	Alliance Side Only. Minimum Level Requirement: 28 Notes: It would be wise to be partied up with others while doing this quest as the mob is an elite mob and could be exceedingly difficult to solo. Mor'Ladim can usually be found around the vicinity of the following co-ords. (16,38) Mor'Ladim seems to have a respawn time of 0-5 minutes. Completion of this quest will lead to 'The Daughter Who Lived'.	Solo'd as 35 Paladin. Hits fast, very fast, and has a lot of health.&nbsp Wasn't that hard as a paladin though.&nbsp Not long after killing him a 30 warrior asked me to help him kill it.&nbsp Fine.&nbsp Guy couldn't tell me how to start the quest he had though.&nbsp The Dude aggros me twice more while doing the prereq for the Fel quest and on the way back from killing Fel. Next day after checking 3 other websites on how to start the qeust, with no mention of the grave, I find out how to start the quest here.&nbsp So I drop everything in Stranglethorn I'm doing and go directly to do this quest for revenge. So the FIFTH time I kill him, as 38 Paladin, I finish the quest.&nbsp Yay completionism. @.@	lv 31 gnome mage. Started to kill him, 2-3 hits and half of my HP was gone. Then i froze him and a lv 70 ran over him :/ But whatever, i got my quest done :P	This quest rewards 150 Stormwind reputation as of patch 2.01.
/?quest=55	Morbent Fel	32 Group	20	Both	3850 XP | Pick: [Night Watch Pantaloons (1.10), Watch Master's Cloak, Sparkmetal Coif] | Item: Torch of Holy Flame	Eastern Kingdoms	Use Morbent's Bane on Morbent Fel, kill Morbent Fel, then return Morbent's Bane to Sven at his camp. Morbent Fel slain Morbent's Bane Provided Item: Morbent's Bane	Is Morbent Fel defeated?!	Sven Yorgen	Sven Yorgen	[b]DO NOT GET RID OF MORBENT'S BANE AFTER YOU USE IT ON MORBENT FEL[/b] I did and now I have to do the damn quest over again.&nbsp (unless somebody suggests how to correct this)	He's in the house at 16,34	They removed his adds with Patch 2.3.0 if i'm not mistaken. So it's now a pretty easy one by one pull quest.	Im a lvl 28 lock and is about to kill Morbent fel whith the help of a friend. To all those who say that this quest suck because there is no great item reward.. Get real.. I have gained over 20K exp and over 300 rep points for doing this. And when most of the quest is about flying from one part to another, its really easy exp. So stop complaining about this quest being a waste of time. Its worth doing.	Posted on thotbot as well so here for completeness. Just completed this solo as a level 36 hunter, it wasn't too hard. Kill all the mobs downstairs in the house, then the single one on the landing above. Go to the top of the stairs where you can see the mobs in the same room as morbent, send in your pet (mine was a bear). He will draw aggro from them all as well as morbent, pick off the mobs, just killed the last one when pet died and morbent came out to attack me. Hit feign death, waited for him to return to room, bandaged myself, revived pet, sent pet in to morbent, followed and used morbents bane, then backed off and shot him to pieces whilst pet drew the aggro. nice.
/?quest=227	Morgan Ladimore	35	28	Alliance	280 XP | Item: The Story of Morgan Ladimore	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Commander Althea Ebonlocke in Darkshire.	N/A	Sirra Von'Indi	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	What do u acctualy do with the book, Ive killed [b]Morgan Ladimore[/b] and spoke to his daughter and placed her ring on his grave, But I still have [b]The Story of Morgan Ladimore[/b], Ive banked it for now untill I find out what to do with it	Alliance Side Only. Minimum Required Level: 28 Commander Althea Ebonlocke is located just outside the Town Hall in Darkshire. Completion of this quest leads to 'Mor'Ladim'.	280 xp and 25 Stormwind faction at lvl 33.	280 xp and 25 Stormwind faction at lvl 33.	N/A
/?quest=160	Note to the Mayor	30	20	Alliance	600 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring Abercrombie's Letter to Ello Ebonlocke, Mayor of Darkshire. Letter to Ello Provided Item: Letter to Ello	Abercrombie...? I don't know a person of that name. You say you have a letter for me from this Abercrombie fellow?Well let's have it then...	Abercrombie	Lord Ello Ebonlocke	71,46	600 XP at level 31	The guy you have to talk to after this quest is in the same building. After the turn in, you have to go back and forth between these two, then the quest chain for Bride of the Embalmer starts. https://classicdb.ch/?quest=253	72.46	I'm trying to find the mayor in Darkshire, running my head off. Where is he?
/?quest=1372	Nothing But The Truth	42	37	Horde	350 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Apothecary Faustin at Beggar's Haunt.	N/A	Deathstalker Zraedus	Apothecary Faustin	It starts at beggar's haunt. I didn't think the Forsaken were evil till I finished this quest.	where do you get this quest? Edited, Fri Jun 10 11:31:53 2005	. [i][small]Edited, Mar 30th 2007 5:04pm by jtbalogh[/small][/i]	N/A	N/A
/?quest=1383	Nothing But The Truth	42 Group	37	Horde	4300 XP | Pick: [Cloak of Blight, Cragwood Maul]	Eastern Kingdoms	Apothecary Faustin at Beggar's Haunt needs 5 Shadow Panther Hearts, Mire Lord Fungus and a Deep Strider Tumor. Shadow Panther Heart (5) Mire Lord Fungus Deepstrider Tumor	That Infiltrator in Stonard will surely.... open up... after he drinks my special serum. Haha!The ingredients required are by no means easy to procure. Shadow Panthers are common in the Swamp but collecting enough hearts for our purpose can be daunting. And the Mire Lord can be such a fussy beast.As for the Deepstrider tumor, they are terribly difficult to find. But the chemical reaction I can draw from it is second to none.	Apothecary Faustin	Apothecary Faustin	The chain continues: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1388	I finished this quest just the other day with no problems.&nbsp Mire Lord dropped after 1 kill.&nbsp Shadow Panthers are a bit elusive and a bit annoying to hunt, but I stuck to the northern tip of SOS as someone else suggested.&nbsp I probably killed 10-15 of them to get the 5 hearts. Deepstrider Tumor dropped after 1 kill.&nbsp I killed a Deepstrider Searcher off the coast near the shipwreck just before the nagas.&nbsp One is usually there. The end of the quest is quite amusing and Undead and Orc characters can both appreciate it.	From the official patch notes: [i]Deepstrider Tumors are now a 100% drop off Deepstrider sea giants in Desolace.[/i]	Well.. finding the panthers are easiest thing to do if you know how to do correctly. Just create a Macro /target shadow and keep on press the new macro while you walk along the way. you can easily get them even you can't see them by eyes	In the 2.3 content patch this quest was altered and you no longer need the Deepstrider Tumor and the item has been removed from the game.
/?quest=1388	Nothing But The Truth	42	37	Horde	350 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Give Faustin's Truth Serum to Deathstalker Zraedus at Beggar's Haunt. Faustin's Truth Serum Provided Item: Faustin's Truth Serum	I hope you have proven yourself of use to our dear friend, Apothecary Faustin.	Apothecary Faustin	Deathstalker Zraedus	This is a continuation from Nothing But The Truth: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1372	350 exp +25 reputation w/ Undercity	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=1391	Nothing But The Truth	42	37	Horde	2550 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Take Zraedus's Brew to Infiltrator Marksen in Stonard. Zraedus's Brew Provided Item: Zraedus's Brew	Please have mercy on me! I have information that goes beyond alliance boundaries. While I am no sympathizer of the Horde, there is political treachery going on that must be revealed!	Deathstalker Zraedus	Infiltrator Marksen	He does indeed say 'I believe the Forsaken are misleading the allies of the Horde.... wait... I feel so... dizzy...' Then he starts to rot and dies, This is because the 'truth serum' is actually just a poison, because the forsaken didn't want him telling anyone what he knew...	You give the disguised serum to the Infiltrator in Stonard, he drinks it and starts to speak, and that's all folks. End of quest line, apparently.	He says 'I believe the Forsaken are misleading the allies of the Horde.... wait... I feel so... dizzy...' He then turns undead and then dies. I thought it was a little strange to end like that, so I went back to the quest giver and they had nothing else to say.	You got the main quest reward from this chain (Cloak of Blight or Cragwood Maul) after turning in the hearts, fungus and tumor.&nbsp So even though this is the last part of the chain, all you get from this part is XP and Undercity rep.&nbsp I got 2550 XP and 75 rep at level 42 from this last part of the chain. I like the ending of this chain.&nbsp The undead are such silly people.	Its easy to see from road,just before entrance to the Deathwind pass turn north.1st part is for 350 XP (for LVL 41).did not done following.
/?quest=134	Ogre Thieves	30	20	Alliance	1200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Return Abercrombie's Crate to Abercrombie. Abercrombie's Crate	Do you have my crate? If so, then please...give it to me quickly!	Abercrombie	Abercrombie	33,76 are the coordinates	The Ogre Mound area (I'm not sure why it's called a mound because they're all down in a vale) can be entered and exited from the West end near Addle's Stead, and this is very close to the cave entrance where the crate is. Enter from the West end and follow the wall to the right until you see the cave and the crate. Only needed to kill two ogres, very easy. ^_^	Abercrombie's Crate x:33 y:76	The crate is near the mine entrance, to the right of the tunnel and behind the log.	the crate is located right next to the entrance of the ogre cave
/?quest=323	Proving Your Worth	28	20	Alliance	2300 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 15 Skeletal Raiders, 3 Skeletal Healers and 3 Skeletal Warders, and then return to Sven. Skeletal Raider slain (15) Skeletal Healer slain (3) Skeletal Warder slain (3)	Battle hard, <name>n. And do not despair, for despair is evil's greatest weapon.	Sven Yorgen	Sven Yorgen	The warders are underground, enterance in the small building down the hill from the house. It is surrounded by healers and raiders. Watch out for the 31st level elite that raoms around this area.	you can find these guys outside north eash of the raven hill graveyard, the warders are inside Dawning Wood Catacombs though (15.38 entrance) they are all around 28 lvl so it's really soloable, just be careful how you pull them when they are close together	Located in the catacombs at 16,39. Killed them as a 29 hunter, the ones down there were level 29.&nbsp They aren't terribly hard, but there's alot of stuff in the area.&nbsp Watch out for Mor'Ladim as you're on the way in.&nbsp They also respawn very quickly down there.	looks in the catacombs, lots down there	catacomb- 16,39
/?quest=163	Raven Hill	20	17	Alliance	390 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find out what is haunting Raven Hill.	Ah, <name>! Back so soon? No doubt you've been at the hunt again? Don't worry if you've had some setbacks, in the long run it will make you better!...You couldn't get much worse, anyway...	Elaine Carevin	Jitters	Jitters is at 18,57	The NPC your looking for is called Jitters located @ 18,56 in Duskwood	Talk to Jitters standing in front of the abandoned buildings that lie south of Raven Hill to end this quest!	You can't do this quest if you've already done/accepted Jitters' Growling Gut (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=5)	Ravin Hill is near the camp on the top left edge of Duskwood. P.S-Just look at the map Server:Akama Name:Dhobstone
/?quest=154	Return the Comb	24	20	Alliance	200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Return the Ghost Hair Comb to Madame Eva in Darkshire. Ghost Hair Comb Provided Item: Ghost Hair Comb	I sense that you have seen Blind Mary. You have my Comb...?	Blind Mary	Madame Eva	76,45	This is a simple delivery quest. Blind Mary will offer it once you've given her the comb. You'd think a banshee would be less co-operative...	The house is just West of Tranquil Gardens	N/A	N/A
/?quest=240	Return to Jitters	20	17	Alliance	775 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Return to Jitters with the Dusky Crab Cakes. Dusky Crab Cakes Provided Item: Dusky Crab Cakes	<name>, you're here! Do you have my food?!?	Chef Grual	Jitters	Jitters is located in Raven Hill walking around the well. 18,56 on the map	18,56 Raven Hill	When I got to the well Jitters was not there. I ran through one of the buildings and when I came out he showed up. Just in case anyone else has that problem.	He is found at coord 18.6 56.6 Just south of the Raven Hill Cemetary	Is there anything after this?
/?quest=268	Return to Sven	25	20	Alliance	500 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Return to Sven with Jitters' completed journal. Jitters' Completed Journal Provided Item: Jitters' Completed Journal	Did you find who the Shadowy Figure was?	Jitters	Sven Yorgen	Sven is on Location 8,34	hes is on the left side on the map over racen hill.... at the top	how do u get cords like do i have to have something to download the mod? if i do what do i need to download it and can someone gimme a website to download it	You can find Sven i coordinates 8,33 i Duskwood	how do i download these coord things, pst me on azgalor, shammster
/?quest=90	Seasoned Wolf Kabobs	25	18	Alliance	2000 XP | Item: Seasoned Wolf Kabob 4 | Item: Recipe: Seasoned Wolf Kabob	Eastern Kingdoms	Gather 10 Lean Wolf Flanks and Stormwind Seasoning Herbs and return to Chef Grual in Darkshire. Lean Wolf Flank (10) Stormwind Seasoning Herbs	Were you able to find 10 Lean Wolf Flanks yet? How about the herbs from Felicia in Stormwind?	Chef Grual	Chef Grual	You can buy the Stormwind Seasoning Herbs in Stormwind at 64,61	Requires a Cooking skill of 50 to be eligible for quest. Edited, Sat Jan 1 18:34:03 2005	Best stacked with '[url=?quest=226]Wolves at Our Heels[/url]'.	The Stormwind Seasoning Herbs are kind of hard to find. If you head to Old Town from the Trade District but turn right before you cross the bridge you should see it. Its at the very end of the lane. Loc 65, 60.	You get the herbs from Fragrant Flowers on the cannal side of the flight path.&nbsp Ask the Lady to the right of the counter.&nbsp 18c&nbsp
/?quest=269	Seeking Wisdom	29	20	Alliance	600 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Give Jitters' Completed Journal to Bishop Farthing in Stormwind. Jitters' Completed Journal Provided Item: Jitters' Completed Journal	Rest, <brother/sister>. I can tell you have traveled far, and you bear a heavy burden. Can you tell me what casts that dark shadow over you?	Sven Yorgen	Bishop Farthing	39.27	just read your quest list, it tells you that hes in The Cathedral of Light, just go in the Cathedral Square and then go north, youll see a cathedral, go in and hell be in	bishop farthing is in the catherdal of light (39,27)	Don't post useless information please. 39,27 = Bishop Farthing	2300 xp and 100 Stormwind Faction at lvl 25 Just to add: The quest was slight orange red for me. And if it matters, WoW 1.10 :P Mabye they changed it since last October post. )
/?quest=1395	Supplies for Nethergarde	45	40	Alliance	2900 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring the Crate of Powerstones to Quartermaster Lungertz, before the powerstones expire. Crate of Power Stones Provided Item: Crate of Power Stones	Hello! Don't mind all the commotion, it's just business as usual at Nethergarde Keep.You have something for me?	Watchmaster Sorigal	Quartermaster Lungertz	if you waited too long to go deliver them, the crate of stones will disappear from your inventory. Just go abandon the quest and go back to the guy in Darkshire to get the quest again. I recommend, running to Nethergarde Keep first, take a gryphon back to Darkshire, accept the quest, then fly right back. You spend maybe 6silver for flight, but you get like 50silver as reward and XP (depending on your level). Easy enough quest to do.	I did this quest without a FP in five minutes. Take Deadwind pass and just keep to the main road so the birds won't attack. Then when you hit SoS, hang a right at Splinterspear Junction, then the next right after that. Follow that road into the Blasted Lands until it opens up in front of you and you see the level 45+ animals. Go left and follow the road as it turns back north. Voila, Nethergarde Keep! The only thing that you may have to fight is a couple of orc scouts in SoS, but I was mounted and just out ran them. Easy XP in this one.	The crate of stones expires after a certain period of time, just pick it up again in Darkshire. If you are en-route to Nethergarde Keep when they expire then continue and speak to the flight master there so that you can fly back to Darkshire then back to Nethergarde Keep quickly.	I read the stones have 60 min timer. That is enough for walking or mount. When you receive quest, just walk to east, and you see Deadwind pass. Keep at left side, this road is 100% mob free. Then you're already by Swamp of Sorrow. Follow the road, but you shall see some mobs walking around. Try avoid them. Keep running on the way to Stonard (keep at right side of the roads) Then you see the way to right, follow it now. When you're in The Blasted Lands, you see a mine at left side. Walk up the hill to the mine, named Garrison Armory. You see the castle Nethergarde Keep already. Walk there. No mobs risks are here. Between big buildings, at right side of the small tower, you see him. Walk now more to right, behind the big building, you see fly master. (I have running with mount the road little more south and then left to the Keep. The mob risk is little higher, but it's also possible. But just passing the mine at left is sure 100% mob free.)	Follow Deadwind pass - when the road forks, take the left (to the right is a high-level bird Mob), and keep riding until you get to the Swamp. Then you just follow the road that exits to the south by taking Right turns at each of the two major forks in the road. The Horde Guards are low level and easy to avoid - if your mounted you can outrun them easily. You should stumble on Netherguard as soon as you enter the Blasted Lands. Don't hang out - there isn't much to do in town, and it's kinda high level if your doing this at level 40. Do be sure to get the Flight Point to the northeast of the stables, where you drop off this quest. You can fly, hearth or ride back. Also note there are a few 35-40 level quests for Alliance in the Swamp of Sorrows, including a small outcove of Broken Ones (nominal allies and relations to the Draenei). At level 40, I was able to get 2700 EXP and 50 silver, plus 150 rep w/ SW and some exp through discovery. An excellent level 40 quest.
/?quest=148	Supplies from Darkshire	24	20	Alliance	490 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Madame Eva.	N/A	Abercrombie	Madame Eva	75,45	she is by Duskwood and in a little house south to the west or east right under Darkshire on ur map.	Something to keep in mind for the rest of this chain: As you work your way through this quest, you'll have to run between Abercrombie + Darkshire a lot. Instead of running it, I found it much faster and convenient to fly to Sentinel Hill (Westfall) from Darkshire and simply run across the river to get to Abercrombie.	Very long but rewarding quest chain with a twist. About this twist, you will get many clues that the cause of these items you're gathering is not so..... in good faith with the people of duskwood.	Anonymous says that translating the letter is the last step but afta that, u need to give it to the mayor, he then asks you to kill Abercrombes undead wife, (the game will explain it all properly). But basically, when you get to that stage, use this link to find out what to do there. [url=https://classicdb.ch/?s=Bride%20of%20the%20Embalmer]Bride of the Embalmer[/url]
/?quest=230	Sven's Camp	25	20	Alliance	1000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring the Book from Sven's Farm to Sven. Book from Sven's Farm Provided Item: Book from Sven's Farm	You found what?? Please, let me see it...	Mound of loose dirt	Sven Yorgen	Sven will say he is clueless and tell you to take the book back to dark shire and show it to the towns folks. The person you show it to is Madame Eva who is in the house next to the Inn. Reward 500exp. She will tell you the book was sold in Dark Shire. Next talk to Clerk Daltry in the townhall. He is the one that sold the book to a shady fellow. Reward 200exp. He will tell you to enquire in the Inn Next talk to Tavern Keep Smitts in the Inn. Reward 200exp. He will tell you the guy did not stay long and provide some clues. Next search for Jitters on the road to Raven Hill Cemetary - on the left by the well. He will give ou the completed book. Reward 1000exp Return to Sven. Reward 500Exp and quest complete	Sven is located at 7,33 in duskwood	the location Sven's Camp is Top North left corner, and 4 pp who do not have the map mod it's 'The Hushed Bank' on your game map	hes located at 7,33 or 8,33 doesnt matter -.-'	The NPC your looking for is called Sven Yorgen located @ 7,34 in Duskwood
/?quest=95	Sven's Revenge	25	20	Alliance	1000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Go to Sven's Farm and find what was buried behind the old stump.	N/A	Sven Yorgen	Mound of loose dirt	You should look for a small dirt at 49, 78 - Duskwood. It's not the SOUTH farm from Sven (even though the quest says so). It's south east, Yorgen Farmstead.	my guess is that those who can not find the loose dirt are at the wrong farm.&nbsp I spent a whole lot of time at the Addler Stead in the far south west, but the quest is actually in the Yorgen Farmstead in the middle of the area	Travel to the back of the Yorgen Farmstead, which is opposite the Twilight Grove and Vul'Gol Ogre Mound at the fork in the road. Keep an eye out for Defias rogues lurking in the fields. Between the two buildings, behind the big tree stump, there is a mound of dirt. This is where the book is, return to Sven with the book.	This also begins a very long series that ends up having you kill Morbent Fel. This series alone can level you and get some good Loot along the way.	On map : http://classicdb.ch/?object=59
/?quest=229	The Daughter Who Lived	35	28	Alliance	280 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Watcher Sarah Ladimore in Darkshire.	N/A	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	Watcher Ladimore	Nice quest name. :D <3 Blizzard	The Boy Who lived...anyone here see the Harry Potter affiliation?	280 xp, 25 Stormwind Faction gained at Lvl 33. She is about twenty feet from where you get this quest.	Alliance Side Only. Minimum Required Level: 28 Watcher Sarah Ladimore can usually be found around the following co-ords. (73,46) Completion of this quest leads to 'A Daughter's Love'.	Well i searched the whole town and all the roads for 10 miles but nothing. Thought someone killed her but i searched this morning again when almost nobody was online and still nothing. So where the hell is she?
/?quest=270	The Doomed Fleet	29	20	Alliance	1200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Go to Menethil Harbor in the Wetlands, and speak with Glorin Steelbrow.	N/A	Bishop Farthing	Glorin Steelbrow	He's inside the inn, my location says 10, 60 but thats not really important, JUST GO IN THE INN!	If you are a warrior, try to align this (and the following two) quests with Iron Coral: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1708s You will be fighting the exact same annoying murlocs in the exact same place.	i got 4168 rep with the 4 main alliance factions for finishing this quest.. wtf.	He can be found in the inn in Menethil Harbor, can't miss it.	Yes it gives you much sw rep. about 20% of revered to exalted.
/?quest=165	The Hermit	25	17	Alliance	1000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Check on the old man in the shack near Raven Hill cemetery.	N/A	Elaine Carevin	Abercrombie	/tloc 28,32	for those without coordinates, he is in just north and a little east of the raven hill cemetery.	The NPC your looking for is called Abercrombie located @ 28,31 in Duskwood	From the starting quest 'The Hermit' http://classicdb.ch/?quest=165 to the 'Bride of the Embalmer' http://classicdb.ch/?quest=253 you gain 16520 quest EXP	He's northeast of the Raven Hill Cemetery.
/?quest=66	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	230 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Seek out the Clerk Daltry in the Darkshire Town Hall.	N/A	Madame Eva	Clerk Daltry	Travel Path for [b]The Legend of Stalvan[/b] 1) [b]Duskwood [/b](In-Town) Darkshire 2) Westfall ([b]Moonbrook[/b]) South West of Sentinel Hill: 41,67 3) [b]Duskwood[/b] (In-Town) Darkshire 3) Elwynn Forest (In-Town) [b]Goldshire[/b] [b]DONT FORGET YOUR NOTE UPSTAIRS[/b] 4) [b]Stormwind [/b](Canal District) West Side south of The Park: 30,60 5) Elwynn Forest ([b]Eastvale Logging Camp[/b]) East Side of Elwynn Forest, North of the road on your way to Redridge Mountains: 85,70 [b]DONT FORGET YOUR NOTE UPSTAIRS[/b] 6) [b]Duskwood [/b](In-Town) Darkshire 7) [b]Kill Stalvan[/b] LvL 32 - First right on the road North out of Darkshire, in the crumbling house: 77,36 8) [b]Duskwood [/b](In-Town) Darkshire, [b]Done[/b]	The first cordinates are 41,66 in Westfall. Go to back of the Town Hall where you will find a box next to the stairs. Be prepared to fight.	In Moonbrook follow the path thru town and turn right to the big abandoned building. there is a box on the ground.. once u open it u get a quest and a lvl 26 spawns.	Its in the big 'town hall' building beside the stables loc 41,67 Little wooden footlocker that blends in fairly well =P	I love this questline. Not only is it AMAZING for experience, it truly is not that difficult. Besides the story is HILARIOUS. have fun, it takes you all over the place, but its fun
/?quest=67	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	1150 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Travel to the Moonbrook Schoolhouse and bring back any updated information about Stalvan to Clerk Daltry.	N/A	Clerk Daltry	Old Footlocker	Moonbrook is in Westfall, near the entrance to The Deadmines.	It is inside the last room of the schoolhouse, which is a building in the NW corner of Moonbrook that has a bell tower.	It is in the NW house, CORDS 41,66. Opening the footlocker will also spawn lvl 25 undead which should not be a problem )	it's a box on the floor in the back of the room	the school is the one with a big tower and a bell there. Go in and find a box in the floor behind a chair! click there and...taraaaaam!
/?quest=68	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	1700 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Take the Dusty Unsent Letter to Clerk Daltry. A Dusty Unsent Letter Provided Item: A Dusty Unsent Letter	Ah, I remember you. You're the one who was asking about that Stalvan fellow. Did you ever find what you were looking for?	Old Footlocker	Clerk Daltry	He is in darkshire townhall. 73,47.	The NPC your looking for is called Clerk Daltry located @ 72,46 in Duskwood	Clerk Daltry, is in darkshire...	The building is the on with the steeple in the NW. It is in the back room, and is before the raised area on the right hand side as you walk towards the raised area, in the rubble on the floor.	There are many parts to this quest - make sure your comment is posted in the right area... The letter (from the PREVIOUS part of the quest chain) for me was turned in to Clerk Daltry in at 72,46 Darkshire in Duskwood.&nbsp It one of the main buildings just west of the central fountain.
/?quest=69	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	575 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Go to The Lion's Pride Inn to see if anyone there has heard of the name Stalvan.	N/A	Clerk Daltry	Innkeeper Farley	loc. 44, 66 in Elwynn Forest. Just walk right out of Stormwind and follow the road down to Lion's Pride and its the first building on the left. I dont know what kreghx is talking about saying he found it in the canals? wth? anyways. i have the right location.	don't forget to get the letter from the chest in the upstairs of the inn in Goldshire... Caretaker Folsum is at 29,61 along the canals...	43,65	He's in Goldshire.	He's in goldshire 42,65! in the inn
/?quest=70	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	1700 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Retrieve Stalvan's Undelivered Letter from the chest and deliver it to the Canal District in Stormwind. An Undelivered Letter	What have ya got there? Let me take a look at that. . .	Innkeeper Farley	Caretaker Folsom	Just to make things a bit more clear... After speaking with 'Innkeeper Farley', go up the stairs to the 2nd floor and in to the first room on your right then continue in to the back bedroom. The chest was between the two beds for me (44,65) but I am not sure if it is a random spawn location. Then head back to 'Stormwind' to find 'Caretaker Folsom' who is located at the dead end of the path on the edge of the canal just west of the south entrance in to 'The Park' (29,61)	The letter is in Goldshire in the pub upstairs. Then the 1st room right and then in the room behind between the 2 beds. Der Brief ist in Goldshire im Gasthaus. Nach oben und dann in den 1sten Raum rechts und dann im Hinterzimmer zwischen den beiden Betten.	Confirmation - I also found him at 29,61	The NPC you're looking for is located here https://classicdb.ch/?npc=297.	once you are finished talking to the guy, walk upstairs and there is a chest upstairs. open it and u get a letter. when i opened it, i didn't have to fight anything. then take it to canals in stormwind, loc. 30, 62. easy enough :)
/?quest=72	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	230 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Search through the packed up possessions for a clue.	N/A	Caretaker Folsom	Sealed Crate	the crate is behind caretaker folsom	It's right behind Caretaker Folsom in the pile of crates there	start:29,61 North west of the mage quarter!!!! end: 84,69 eastvale logging camp	the crate for the journal page is right behind the guy you talk to. check out the pic i posted. it is the one that is lit up behind him. click on it, get the page, then fight a lvl 25 ghost.	You're looking for a crate that you can open.&nbsp It's behind Caretaker Folsom.&nbsp It's [i]literally[/i] behind Caretaker Folsom, but check all of the crates anyway. Folsom is the guy that gives you this leg of the quest--if you've forgotten where that is, he's at the north side of the Canal between the Park and the Mage Quarter (29, 61 for those that have Cosmos). It's NOT at the Goldshire Inn or the Eastvale Logging Camp (those are for the previous leg and the subsequent leg, respectively).
/?quest=74	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	1150 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	The Torn Journal page you discovered provides your next clue. A Torn Journal Page Provided Item: A Torn Journal Page	What have you got there? I cannot see. My eyesight is very bad. Put it in my hands.	Sealed Crate	Marshal Haggard	After you get the torn journal page, go talk to Marshal Haggard at 84,69 at the Eastvale Logging Camp in Elwynn Forest.	[b]84.69[/b] .. at the eastvale logging camp =)	talk to Marshal Haggard in Eastvale Logging Camp	The Corr are 84,69 for Marshall Haggard	You don't bother reading the previous posts then you obviously won't get the coords. Eastvale Logging Camp at [b]/tloc 85,70[/b] - [i]Outside Stormwind in Elwyn Forest[/i] I'm doing this quest as Cece, my level 23 Night Elf Priest. I've yet to be sheeped and the only thing that runs low when I have to kill the ghost is my mana which has yet to drain past 30%. She sheeps when you're in a group not alone. Just be weary of the 'Curse of Stalvan' it's a bit annoying at 10 minutes though it usually wears off by the time you get halfway to your next destination. Edit: I've done this on 5 chars groupless now and have yet to be turned into a sheep. She only sheeps you if in a group or if you have a pet (one of which will be morphed).
/?quest=75	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	1150 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Marshal Haggard wants you to check the chest upstairs for the Faded Journal Page. A Faded Journal Page	Did you find that page I mentioned, <name>?	Marshal Haggard	Marshal Haggard	When you go to the East Vale logging camp you will see a tree turned over to make a tunnel entrance to a house, there will be a guy just oustide with the yellow ? over his head. He will send you upstairs to the chest, loot the paper and a ghost will appear level 25-26 you will have to kill it.	chest in house coords 85,69 rigt clik on chest there is no wrong with that quest	travel to eastvale logging camp in elwynn forrest, find and speak to the old man named marshall haggard at loc 84, 69.&nbsp from him go inside the building to the left of the old man.&nbsp then go up the stairs to the bedroom and the chest is to the leftside of the bed when u walk in(85, 69).&nbsp after u open it and accept the quest another ghost will be in the doorway behind u.&nbsp do not have n e one with u or a pet/minion up or else u will get sheeped.&nbsp kill her go back down and out and speak to the old man again.&nbsp next quest&nbsp =)&nbsp have fun and good luck!	to clear it up! the item is in the house by the guy you get the quest from!&nbsp some of the posts including the pictures posted get you to go all the way back to goldshire! hand it back in outside the house to him.	See I don't understand what everyone is Complaining about. I have done all of the quests up to this point solo as a lvl 28 priest. Yea when I opened up the boxes an undead pops out...and Yea she gives me a curse. But have yet to be sheeped. But the curse goes away by the time I reach the next destination. If there is anything at all to complain about, I'd have to say how much it costs to fly to all of the different places these quests calls for. But then again...if you didn't want to pay the fee..you could always run it. So far...I have yet to leave the Stormwind, Darkshire, Moonbrook area...so it wouldn't be that hard to just run it if you are low on cash. Just my thoughts
/?quest=78	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	575 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Take the Faded Journal Page to Tavernkeep Smitts. A Faded Journal Page Provided Item: A Faded Journal Page	Marshal Haggard sent you? Why didn't you say so?Ah, good ol' Haggard. Poor chap is going to be completely blind before long. Anyway, let me see what you've got there.	Marshal Haggard	Tavernkeep Smitts	Return to Tavernkeep Smitts in Darkshire	You could get the next quest after retrieving the letter upstairs where you fight the ghost witch again (thanks for 10 minutes of curse) and then take it to Tavernkeep Smitts in the Darkshire Inn.	Tavernkeep Smitts is in loc. 74, 44.5 in Darkshire Inn	The NPC your looking for is called Tavernkeep Smitts located @ 74,44 in Duskwood	Fastest way to get to Darkshire Inn is to walk striaght South from where you pick up the quest, This should save a lot of walking to SW to fly there
/?quest=79	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	230 XP | Item: A Bloodstained Journal Page	Eastern Kingdoms	Take the muddy page to Commander Ebonlocke. Muddy Journal Pages Provided Item: Muddy Journal Pages	This better be good, <class>. Let me see what you have and tell me your tale. But by the Light, be quick about it. Darkshire's defense is my number one priority. I have not the time to squander on dead-end leads.	Tavernkeep Smitts	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	all you have to do is walk outside and there she is.	1. make sure the 'muddy pages' are in your bags 2. shes in darkshire right by the inn or in front of the town hall 3. talk to her and turn in [b]it worked for me [/b]	Wait till she is in front of town hall and then u can turn in the quest...(she moves around)	Like an Idiot, I didn't read these before turning the quests in. Does anyone know what they say?	i did this at level 23 and once i opened the chest i just got the page and ran and soon enough i lost aggro and she went back so just run once you get it
/?quest=80	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	230 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Show Clerk Daltry the Bloodstained Journal Page. A Bloodstained Journal Page Provided Item: A Bloodstained Journal Page	Back again, <name>? What do you have this time?	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	Clerk Daltry	You know you're lazy when you go to thottbot without checking your surroundings. lol.. Hes less than 20 feet from Commander Ebonlocke (whom you just spoke to)	again, right in front of you. walk in that bldg and hes standing right there https://classicdb.ch/?npc=267	lol, yea, he is right behind her. you can see in this pic where he is. he has a yellow question mark above his head.	Lol wow this is such an easy XP making quest.. STALVAN FTW!	LOL your so right thanks for pointing it out for me.
/?quest=97	The Legend of Stalvan	28	22	Alliance	230 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Report the news to Commander Ebonlocke.	Yes, <name>?	Clerk Daltry	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	It's the person you went to before this quest!	wow, now all you have to do is walk back outside and there she is. talk to her.	nevermind.	can anybody tell me where to find commander ebonlocke? thanks Edited, Fri Apr 29 23:41:17 2005	&nbsp This is another quest that shows how lazy the people in this worl really is...&nbsp :)
/?quest=98	The Legend of Stalvan	35	22	Alliance	4100 XP | Pick: [Crescent of Forlorn Spirits, Ring of Forlorn Spirits]	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Stalvan Mistmantle and show Madame Eva his family ring. Mistmantle Family Ring	Yes, <name>?	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	Madame Eva	Can be feared and shackled	Lvl 29 Priest here, soloed it.&nbsp I wouldn't say it was easy, but if you can get him one on one, it can be done.&nbsp By the way. . .Location of this guy is 77,36 inside the shack.	You will get 13,250 Quest turn in XP for the entire quest line from start to finish.	4100 XP (!) at level 31. The ring and axe aren't bad, either.	i dont think theres one post here so far that doesnt have the words I and solo'd in it, but im a little interested in the story through letters i found: 1st: he cant teach in moonbrooke so he has to tutor 2 children. the girl is scheduled to marry in 1 year 2nd: the boy is dumb as a post but the girl is smart and captivatingly beautiful 3rd: The girl gives him flowers and smiles at him 4th: She feels for him the way he does for her. they hold hands.... unspoken words go between them... Then i get: Darkshores governer or w/e tells me hes a vicous murderer and has a rotten soul and shes been suspicous about him for years, and i have to kill him. WHAT HAPPENED! 'ironically' enough the ghost that pops at you when you get clues is a girl, and says 'toil not on matters of the past, <username>'. could this possible be... THE GHOST OF THE SMART CHICK? so just wanted to express my findings... if you read somthing i didnt about what happened in between him falling in love with an engaged girl and him running a masacre, please tell me. either post here or mail to Ravenfoot on Whisperwind.
/?quest=324	The Lost Ingots	29	20	Alliance	1750 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Gather 5 Lightforge Ingots, then return to Glorin Steelbrow in the Wetlands. Lightforge Ingot (5)	Did you find the lightforge iron you need?	Waterlogged Chest	Glorin Steelbrow	1750 xp at level 31 (when the quest is yellow).	thottbot location is 10,70 for the west camps, lots of murlocks there	Drop rate blows	This quest is a pain. Like he said, VERY bad drop rate, and the murlocs are very annoying. They are throwers, so its bad for casters. Also, they throw nets at you, and walk backward, preventing non-casters to hit them. Like all kind of murlocs, they run away and lure 90,000 more murlocs to attack you when they have low health. I'd suggest you do this quest in a group (preferably with friends or people who arent on the quest - so you will get all quest items :P) to end it as soon as possible. Better bring some underwater breathing potions or a warlock if you plan to kill the murlocs underwater. There are some on the shore, but you may have to wait long for respawn. I personally dropped that quest - did it only on my main.	There is another camp of murlocs south along the coast from the ship where you first see them, and its usually less crowded.
/?quest=56	The Night Watch	24	18	Alliance	1450 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Commander Althea Ebonlocke of Darkshire wants you to kill 8 Skeletal Warriors and 6 Skeletal Mages. Skeletal Warrior slain (8) Skeletal Mage slain (6)	Have you killed those warriors and mages?	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	Confirmed location: [b]80,70[/b] Also known as Tranquil Gardens Cemetary	Found near 78,69.	Can do part of this quest at the same time: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=101	X:80 Y:70 char.info [url=http://guild.segamer.com/charsheet2.php?charid=33]Doomhammer:Frogette lvl 28 druid[/url] [url http://guild.segamer.com/charsheet2.php?charid=53]Dunmaul: Froggy 12 Hunter[url]	most likely easiest grinding quest done mobs don't run have hardly any HP and are spred out with nice xp great quest to do!
/?quest=57	The Night Watch	26	18	Alliance	2100 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Commander Althea Ebonlocke of Darkshire wants you to kill 15 Skeletal Fiends and 15 Skeletal Horrors. Skeletal Fiend slain (15) Skeletal Horror slain (15)	Return to me once you have killed 15 Skeletal Fiends and 15 Skeletal Horrors, <name>.	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	21,48 is dead wrong, don't listen to him. 16,44 would be the correct coordinates.	just go to the raven hill.you will find lots of them.have a good grinding there!:)	Location of both mobs: Arround 20.43	you can find a lot of them in 16,44	This quest can be a pain. Mostly because the mobs required to complete it are so heavily farmed. [url=http://classicdb.ch/?npc=202]Skeletal Horrors[/url] and [url=http://classicdb.ch/?npc=531]Skeletal Fiends[/url] can be found at Raven Hill around 20,44. Should 20,44 be overly farmed, Skeletal Horrors can be found at Tranquil Gardens Cemetery around 80,58. You may also want to complete the [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=148]Supplies from Darkshire[/url], and [url=https://classicdb.ch/?quest=5]Jitters' Growling Gut[/url], and [url=https://classicdb.ch/?quest=101]Totem of Infliction[/url] questlines at the same time. While at Raven Hill, watch out for [url=http://classicdb.ch/?npc=522]Mor'ladim[/url].
/?quest=58	The Night Watch	30	18	Alliance	2450 XP | Pick: [Bandolier of the Night Watch, Quiver of the Night Watch, Gunnysack of the Night Watch]	Eastern Kingdoms	Commander Althea Ebonlocke of Darkshire wants you to kill 20 Plague Spreaders in the eastern Raven Hill mausoleum. Plague Spreader slain (20)	I need your assistance, <name>. Travel to the cemetery to the northwest and rid the eastern mausoleum of 20 Plague Spreaders.Return to me when your task is complete.	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	Commander Althea Ebonlocke	The quest is actually obtainable at level 19, offering the best ammo pouch or quiver available to level 19 twinks. To get this with the least experience gain possible, do as follows: group with a highlevel, go to the spot where the quest mobs are, die. Run back to your corpse, but don't rez. Instead, follow the high level around while he kills the quest targets. You'll still get kill credit, but no experience. When you're done with one step, rez, drop the group (so you don't accidentally gain XP when your bodyguard kills stuff to protect you) and follow the high level to Darkshire for handin. Just make sure you can manage 6.000 XP without leveling to 20 :)	If you are having trouble finding enough of them, go down into the crypt in Raven Hill. You may have to kill a few other things down there too, but there are more of the Plague Spreaders walking around the large rooms down there. I think all of the creatures down there are about the same level. May be a few 29s, but not right where you go down.	I solo'ed this with my lvl 25 hunter got 2450xp and 100 rep in SW. It isn't that hard just take down one at a time! Edited, Mon Dec 26 02:44:42 2005	The Hole are at 23,35	This quest ammo pouch or quiver is the best available for the lvl 29 bracket BG's.
/?quest=262	The Shadowy Figure	25	20	Alliance	500 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Take the book you found at Sven's farm and show it to townsfolk in Darkshire. Book from Sven's Farm Provided Item: Book from Sven's Farm	If you have something that belongs to the shadowy figure for whom you seek, then let me see it. I may be able to divine something of its owner.	Sven Yorgen	Madame Eva	Well found her, madam eve 76,45 in the building directly east of the tavern	You just need to talk to Madame Eva. She'll send you to talk to Clerk Daltry in the Town Hall who will send you to speak to Tavernkeep Smitty in the Inn. He'll give you clues of who the person is. Some of them are: The person was in Darkshire, but moved to the west. This person was very jittery. That last clue pretty much gave it away. You just need to go talk to Jitters at Raven Hill, on the west side of Duskwood.	A good time saver is to run to the flight master in sentinel hill and fly back to duskwood.	Quest completes at Madame Eva in Darkshire (75, 45).	I have this quest and its not Jitters.....he doesnt have a Question Mark above his head.
/?quest=265	The Shadowy Search Continues	25	20	Alliance	200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	See if other townsfolk have clues about the shadowy figure. Book from Sven's Farm Provided Item: Book from Sven's Farm	Sometimes I'll sell blank books to scholars and mages, or to anyone who wants to keep a journal.I remember well everyone to whom I sold a book within the last few months...	Madame Eva	Clerk Daltry	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=101	The Totem of Infliction	25	18	Alliance	2550 XP | Item: Totem of Infliction	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring 10 Ghoul Fangs, 10 Skeleton Fingers and 5 Vials of Spider Venom to Madame Eva in Darkshire. Ghoul Fang (10) Vial of Spider Venom (5) Skeleton Finger (10)	Bring to me 10 ghoul fangs, 10 skeleton fingers and 5 vials of spider venom. For you I shall enchant a Totem of Infliction which will harm those who attempt violent acts against you.	Madame Eva	Madame Eva	ghoul claw from flesh eater, and bone chewer. Vial from pygmyspider skeleton fingers from skeletal fiend, horror, healer. All in raven hills	Ghoul Fangs can be gotten easier from the ones in the Raven Hill Cemetery (around 20,36). They're only L24-25 there as opposed to L28-29 at Mistmantle (77,36).	Fingers: 81,59 off of the Skeletons Fangs: 77,36 off of the Ghouls Vials: Found on spiders along the coasts and pretty much all over. The reward is pretty fun for a warlock, mage, or priest. It's not the best but if you're grinding it may entertain you a little bit. - SJ	This quest is best done in conjunction with the Nightwatch Chain http://classicdb.ch/?quest=57 and Stitches http://classicdb.ch/?quest=156 Chain Quests. Also while gathering your poison I recommend doing http://classicdb.ch/?quest=226 & http://classicdb.ch/?quest=90 that require you to kill the wolves that can be found around the spiders you will be killing anyway. Doing that you can get a ton of exp really really fast. And since your going to be doing the back and forth travel between darkshire and raven hill anyway you may as well knock out those quests that jitters gives you as well http://classicdb.ch/?quest=5 . Wich will also have you killing spiders on it's second part.	Ghoul fangs have a low drop rate, so you will be killing for a while.
/?quest=225	The Weathered Grave	35	28	Alliance	700 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Sirra Von'Indi in Darkshire.	N/A	A Weathered Grave	Sirra Von'Indi	Alliance Side Only. Minimum Level Requirement: 28 There is no pre-requisite you just have to go find the Grave. The co-ords are (17,29). Once you find the grave you will go to speak with Sirra Von'Indi. Sirra is located at Darkshire in the Town Hall.	The grave is not in the graveyard, btw. It is just north of Morbent Fel's house- just a small dirt mound with a sword sticking out of the ground.	Thanks Melisse :D	This quest is no longer requires lvl28 to get as i got it at lvl25.	you do not have to be lvl 30 it is lv 28! just use your eyes!
/?quest=251	Translate Abercrombie's Note	30	20	Alliance	250 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring the Letter to Ello to Sirra Von'Indi. Letter to Ello Provided Item: Letter to Ello	A note from Abercrombie the hermit, eh? I don't know him, though if he lives out at the graveyard then I do know his brains have rotted out!	Lord Ello Ebonlocke	Sirra Von'Indi	the translator is at loc 72, 47 in darkshire's town hall. the room before the mayors room. =)	250 XP at level 31.	the quest line goes on here: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=401	72. 47	You have to take it from the mayor to Sirra Von'Indi and wait for him to translate...he'll let you know when he's done in the chat window
/?quest=252	Translation to Ello	30	20	Alliance	250 XP | Item: Translated Letter from The Embalmer	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring the Translated Letter to Lord Ello Ebonlocke Translated Letter Provided Item: Translated Letter	Ah, is the note translated? Please, let me see it...	Sirra Von'Indi	Lord Ello Ebonlocke	Completing this quest will Spawn Stitches near Raven Hill Cemetary. The Night Watch will blame <name> (you) for it too, lol! By the time I'd run up the road to get him a Tauren had already finished him off. >_>	Starts this quest, which finishes the line: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=253 Also spawns this NPC, who will then run along the path towards town. Not necesary to kill him, which is good, because he's pretty burly. https://classicdb.ch/?npc=412	this leads to quest: Bride of the Embalmer	its not anything, just drop it when you've finished the quest.	Ive had the letter translated and ive killed [b]Elizia[/b] the [b]Bride of The Embalmer[/b], but I still have the letter in my possesion, What do I do with it ? Ive banked it for now untill I find out what to do.
/?quest=401	Wait for Sirra to Finish	30	20	Alliance	1850 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Wait a moment, then speak with Sirra Von'Indi again.	N/A	Sirra Von'Indi	Sirra Von'Indi	Very difficult quest indeed. You actually have to [b]talk[/b] to Sirra AGAIN! Zomg zomg. Lucky for you the Anonymous guide exists. 1. Talk to Sirra to accept the quest (he is in Darkshire Town Hall at [b]72.47[/b]). 2. Talk to him AGAIN to finnish it. PS. I'm really bored Kek Lol Bur	This is tough, after speaking to him the first time you must wait 2 or 3 seconds, and then complete the quest. I was lucky enough to complete it without failing, but for others here are some tips on what you could do while wait for this horribly long quest to finish. 1. Take a few steps left or right, and move back again. 2. Switch 2 items around in your inventory. 3. Say 'lol' 4. Write a short novel of 2 or 3 words. 5. Compose a very short song. 6. Scratch your nose (not too hard) Hope this helps.	1850 XP at level 31	This follows up [quest=251], which is part of a larger quest line beginning with [quest=148] or [quest=165].	This quest does not give any Stormwind rep for a higher level character. Do not waste tons of time as I did trying to do the whole chain hoping for rep.
/?quest=236	Watcher Callahan	21	17	Alliance	3875 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Watcher Callahan.	N/A	N/A	N/A	*blinks*	Just one quest? Not chain?	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=236	Watcher Callahan	21	17	Alliance	3875 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Watcher Callahan.	N/A	N/A	N/A	*blinks*	Just one quest? Not chain?	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=226	Wolves at Our Heels	21	19	Alliance	1250 XP | Item: Flash Bundle 5	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 12 Starving Dire Wolves and 8 Rabid Dire Wolves, then return to Lars at Sven's Camp on the western border of Duskwood. Starving Dire Wolf slain (12) Rabid Dire Wolf slain (8)	You still hunting wolves...?	Lars	Lars	Starving wolves only at northern border of duskwood - close to water. Try start at 15:25 There can also be found rabid wolves here. But there are more of them on the border to westfall.	Best stacked with 'Seasoned Wolf Kabobs' (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=90).	I have found that the starving wolves tend to be on the outside of the area. Meaning that they are usually hanging closer to the water then the normal wolves are. Good luck!	What was he trying to say? I don't know if he could have been more confusing. I found all my wolves just to the north following the river	where is the starving i cant find them
/?quest=173	Worgen in the Woods	28	23	Alliance	1150 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 6 Nightbane Shadow Weaver worgen for Calor in Darkshire. Nightbane Shadow Weaver slain (6)	<name>, how fares the hunt?	Calor	Calor	The Worgen are located at the farm south west of Darkshire (65,67).	You will find the Nightbane Shadow Weavers in the Rotting Orchard which is Southwest of the town of Darkshire. There are also some melee mobs there up to level 29. Since you only need to kill 6 of the Shadow Weavers, try to stick to the ones roaming around in the orchard unless you are in a group because often more than 2 will come if you pull from around the houses and camps. Good Luck to you! ~Syrah, draenei shaman, dragonblight server	The aggro radius is absurdly big, stay safe.	I found them at 65, 44 ...just north of Darkshire.	I found them to the southwest of Darkshore.&nbsp Follow the road south, then it turns to the west.&nbsp You will see a pass that climbs the ridge on the right-hand side.&nbsp They're in there.
/?quest=221	Worgen in the Woods	29	23	Alliance	1750 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 12 Nightbane Dark Runner worgen for Calor in Darkshire. Nightbane Dark Runner slain (12)	Back so soon, <name>? I hope you haven't come to tell me you've given up.	Calor	Calor	No, there are more at 63.66 - The Rotting Orchard.	64,52 has lots of runners, and there's a chest...only thing is there's a level 32 runner w/them.&nbsp He's not as tough as he would appear tho.&nbsp my lvl 29 druid did it by herself.	Just check the map: https://classicdb.ch/?npc=205	Tip for preists: The easiest way to solo two mobs is to mind control one and make it hit the other one and then one gets to about 1 health and the other one's on half health so then there easier to kill	There are a whole load of Nightbane Dark Runners at 61,40 living in and around a small camp consisting of 2 huts. You can get all 12 in one go.
/?quest=222	Worgen in the Woods	31	23	Alliance	1900 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 8 Nightbane Vile Fang and 8 Nightbane Tainted One worgen for Calor in Darkshire. Nightbane Vile Fang slain (8) Nightbane Tainted One slain (8)	Intimidating beasts aren't they? But have no fear, <name>, those who stand for the Light will never fall!	Calor	Calor	The right coordinates for cave are 73.76!	For anyone actually wondering where the guys you have to hunt are, they can be found at Roland's Doom, the cave next to Tranquil Garden Cemetary.	Worgen In The Woods (Quest) tloc 72,74	71,74 is the location	These are in the cave. Soloed them as 27 warlock. Just place your pet high up on the hill beside the cave, wait til the named walks into the cave, and single pull them high up on the hill (or You'll get adds) IF you get adds, or things looks bad, just run towards the Tranquility Garden, they give up the chase quickly. Just time the named, and you can go into the cave to pull more out, if you dont wanna wait for the long respawn. GL
/?quest=223	Worgen in the Woods	31	23	Both	3150 XP | Pick: [Cloak of the Faith, Shield of the Faith] | Item: Consecrated Wand	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring Calor's note to Jonathan Carevin. Calor's Note Provided Item: Calor's Note	Yes, what is it? Make it quick, I've pressing matters to attend to.	Calor	Jonathan Carevin	FYI, if you are a caster, do not ever sell this wand. Keep it until you are 60 and raiding. Fastest wand in the game will help you recover mana when you are OOM in raids. A pally can Judge Wisdom on a mob, and you wand the mob for +mana. I made the mistake of selling it after I got a higher DPS wand. Since I've completed the quest, can't get this wand back.	Jonathan Carevin is in the building right behind Calor.&nbsp /tloc 75,48	Nice walk for 3150 exp bonus. Just walk in the building near Calor and you're ready.	Fastest wand in the game =x Gogo Judgement of Wisdom~	This quest rewards 350 Stormwind reputation as of patch 2.01
/?quest=158	Zombie Juice	24	20	Alliance	490 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Tavernkeep Smitts.	N/A	Abercrombie	Tavernkeep Smitts	The NPC your looking for is called Tavernkeep Smitts located @ 74,44 in Duskwood	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
