# Quest Data for Eastern Kingdoms - Hillsbrad Foothills
# Generated: 2025-08-18 16:43:26
# Total quests: 53
# Comment scrape timestamp: 2025-08-18 17:23:43

Quest Extension	Name	Level	Required Level	Faction	Rewards	Category	Instructions	Progress	Start	End	Comment1	Comment2	Comment3	Comment4	Comment5
/?quest=565	Bartolo's Yeti Fur Cloak	34	29	Alliance	2700 XP | Item: Yeti Fur Cloak	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring Bartolo Ginsetti of Southshore a Bolt of Wool, a Hillman's Cloak, Fine Thread and 10 clumps of Yeti Fur. Bolt of Woolen Cloth Fine Thread Hillman's Cloak Yeti Fur (10)	So you have returned to the great Bartolo. Perhaps you have finished gathering the materials needed for your Yeti Fur Cloak? Or maybe you just enjoy basking in the greatness of me, Bartolo!	Bartolo Ginsetti	Bartolo Ginsetti	Bolt of Woolen CLoth -- ask a player who train tailor make for you Hillman's Cloak -- ask a player who train leatherworking make for you Fine Thread -- buy from a npc vendor in tailor shop Yeti Fur -- go kill them	The [b]Yeti Fur[/b] has a pretty decent drop rate in the [b]Darrow Hill[/b] cave. I went in the cave and there were literally like 10 other people in there killing yeti's and we're all running around trying to grab a yeti... And I STILL was able to get 10 furs in like 15 minutes. The Cave Yeti's have a REALLY fast spawn rate. I would recommend going in the cave and killing Cave Yeti's and Ferocious Yeti's to get your furs. (The Yeti's are levels 30-31) The loc of the cave entrance is: [b]46, 31[/b] in Hillsbrad Foothills. Good Luck! It's an easy quest... except you have to buy the other three ingredients from AH or other people. But getting the Yeti Furs, you should have no problems. [b]For People WITHOUT Coords Mod:[/b] Darrow Hill is just NORTH of Southshore.	found a cave full of yeti at 46,32 lvl 30-31 and 1x32. got the fur in 10 min.	To all those who have finished this quest but cant complete it because of the greyed-out button issue, you need to make sure you have all items in your inventory, NOT IN YOUR BANK. If you have an item in the bank, it will show up as credit in your quest log but you wont be able to complete the turn-in	The materials needed to make a cloak are 5 Heavy leather and 2 Fine thread. Leatherworkers with 150+ can make it for you.
/?quest=527	Battle of Hillsbrad	24	19	Horde	1950 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 6 Hillsbrad Farmhands, 6 Hillsbrad Farmers, Farmer Ray and Farmer Getz and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill. Hillsbrad Farmer slain (6) Hillsbrad Farmhand slain (6) Farmer Ray slain Farmer Getz slain	As High Executor of Tarren Mill, under the direct command of Varimathras and the Dark Lady, you are subject to follow my command.Perhaps you take this war with the Alliance lightly? If such is the case I should behead you right here and now. Otherwise, travel west to the town of Hillsbrad and wage battle against the humans, as ordered.Dismissed.	High Executor Darthalia	High Executor Darthalia	Ray spawns at what know either inside the big house (2nd floor) or in the garden thingy to the east of it. Getz spawns at what i know 3 locations. Either in the barn, the small house or out on the second and middle field.	Location for [url=https://classicdb.ch/?npc=232]Farmer Ray[/url] Location for [url=https://classicdb.ch/?npc=2403]Farmer Getz[/url]	I was found Ray in Loc 33,35 and Getz 36,39	If you are having trouble locating them, try typing /target farmer ray and /target farmer getz as you move about the camp, and then mark them with a raid icon.. easier to spot them this way when you look for a giant skull.	Part 1: Kill the farmers and some workers! one of the farmers is in a house another is in the middle of a field. Part 2:Kill some cowardy peasents! There all south of where the farmers are or around the town hall building. Part 3:Kill the blacksmithers There outside the town hall building. The blacksmither that you have to kill (Not the apprentices) is on the north side of the building and the iron is inside the blacksmiths Part 4: The mine is just below the hillsbrad farms. It is lvl 25-31 npc's the&nbsp guy you need to kill is far inside the mine and is standing on a wooden stage. when he dies a bunch of dwarf's (lvl 30) try and kill you Part 5:The dwarf's hollow mountain hold is east of southshore. (south east of Tarren mill) there lvl 27-32 ELITES! this you will need a part of 3+ unless your above the level of 26 Part 6:The easiest bit! Make your way to the undercity, Royal quater. the letter needs to be handed in to the demon guy standing next to lady Sylvanas WIndrunner. AND THATS ALL! the rewards are nice if you havent got a good shield sword or cloth item.
/?quest=528	Battle of Hillsbrad	25	19	Horde	2000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 15 Hillsbrad Peasants and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill. Hillsbrad Peasant slain (15)	You have your orders, <class>. Quit dawdling here in Tarren Mill when there is work to be done elsewhere.	High Executor Darthalia	High Executor Darthalia	Coords. are 34,46 - 35,46. Lvl 27 Mage, np. If you have q 'Dangerous!' (recommended) you can find Kalaba in this area as well.	Find Hillsbrad Peasants mostly at 35, 45	Make sure you stop and get the souveneirs of death quest too.&nbsp You'll be needing to collect skulls and they don't drop them very fast.&nbsp You'd think there'd be one skull per peasant, but nooooo.&nbsp More like one skull per 3 humans killed.&nbsp Maybe I hit them too hard.	Be aware that the peasents run at about ~40% health and run very fast. Prepare to get about 15 adds if they run into the council building. Lvl 30 quest.	They are in the field at 34.46 I did this quest as a 23 Shaman, no problem, just use Frost Shock and lay a Earthbind Totem down so when they run they dont get away.
/?quest=529	Battle of Hillsbrad	26	19	Horde	2100 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Blacksmith Verringtan and 4 Hillsbrad Apprentice Blacksmiths. Retrieve a shipment of iron and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill. Blacksmith Verringtan slain Hillsbrad Apprentice Blacksmith slain (4) Shipment of Iron	Were you able to carry out your orders, <class>? Did you dispose of Verringtan and his assistants? And where is that iron shipment?	High Executor Darthalia	High Executor Darthalia	Blacksmith Verringtan: 32, 44 Hillsbrad Apprentice Blacksmith: 32, 46 Shipment of Iron: 32, 46 (https://classicdb.ch/?object=1736)	32,46 is the shipment they are around there..	Follow the road to Hillsbrad (going west).&nbsp They are located in South Hillsbrad right off the road.&nbsp Look north for the foundry and blacksmiths.&nbsp The iron is also in the workshop.	Iron is at 32.45 inside the building..	A note to player blacksmiths: The forge and anvil in the Hillsbrad smithery is fully usable. So it is sometimes convenient to kill the Hillsbrad citizenry in order to smelt and/or smith your ore rather than pay a visit to the Undercity.
/?quest=532	Battle of Hillsbrad	26	19	Horde	2100 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Magistrate Burnside and 4 Hillsbrad Councilmen. Destroy the Hillsbrad Proclamation. Steal the Hillsbrad Town Registry. Report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill afterwards. Magistrate Burnside slain Hillsbrad Councilman slain (4) Hillsbrad Proclamation destroyed [ Opening ]	What news have you?	High Executor Darthalia	High Executor Darthalia	These coords. are not right. Can be found at [b]29,41[/b] [b]Burnside[/b] is in the big house standing in the large room. [b]Proclamation[/b] is just in front of Burnside. [b]Registry[/b] in also next to Burnside it is the book in the corner. The councilman are around this house to. did it alone as a 27 mage.	Was in the area as a 36/37 warrior, so I hung around the town hall and watched / helped lvl 20-25 who were doing this quest. It was raining in Hillsbrad Foothills... My observations: -- Lvl 20-25 PCs aggro in a huge (make that HUGE) radius in this area. Or more correctly, the mobs are tightly confined in a small area, and there are several places where view is obscured, and it's really easy to aggro an add in the heat of battle. -- It is not uncommon for 4-6 mobs to aggro to lvl 20-25 PCs in the town hall courtyard and in the council chamber room of the town hall. For example, just outside the entrance of the compound it's likely that at a minimum a councilman and 2-3 footmen will engage the PCs, and given the difficulty of taking them down, runners and / or patrols will probably pull in more mobs. A councilman will aggro and begin lobbing frost spells, likely locking down one or more PCs with 'frost boots' -- then you can't pursue the runners. At the doorway to the town hall there are two guards + patrols + at least one councilman who will easily aggro if any one of them is engaged. The courtyard is full of footmen and more council members who may aggro off of runners. As a lvl 24 squishy and I were leaving the town hall 6 or 7 mobs aggroed to us, and it was all I could do to keep her alive as they aggroed to her. Later a 20 and 25 engaged the two footmen at the doorway and a councilman off to the right out of view aggroed and started blindsiding the squishy with frost spells (sometimes I wish that WoW aggro would handle line-of-sight better -- it's frustrating to suddenly have frostbolts coming out of a wall at you). Inside the two rooms leading to the council chambers is a single guard in each room no problem if you take them down without allowing them to run. Lastly, the nightmarish council chamber must be dealt with. I don't have an accurate count of the mobs in the room, but I do know that there is a footman by the door, a footman + council member in the back corner, the clerk in the middle of the room, the mayor at the far podium, and I think there are a couple more footmen and another councilman in the middle. So about eight mobs. As a level 36 warrior it was not a problem since I could take three mobs at a time, hamstring, cut them down, and not aggro others in the room. When a lvl ~25 enters the room the whole place lights up, and you'll have at least six mobs on the PC. If you can't stealth, then my advice is to enlist a lvl ~35+ to help clear the mobs, or get together a big group of lvl 20-25 -- I'd suggest a party of six at that level. For the lvl 20-25 with the Battle of Hillsbrad and Dangerous quests grouping with a lvl ~35+ you might have to kill the clerk, major, and some council members off of respawns, and the XP of the lvl 20-25 may be reduced a lot, but a lot of frustration will be saved. Good luck...	Can be found at 30, 42.	You'll need a gun or long range weapon for this! Soloed this with a lvl 27 Orc Warrior. (did not die at all :)... got close once, but nothing serious.. just make sure you've got some nice potions ready) You can easily sneak your way in through the right side of the gate that leads to the house. (right when standing in front of the house, facing the entrance.. not that you should do that). There should be one guard there.. but no problem. After you wait for the councilman to the left to clear the area (do NOT attack him.. this will aggro 3 other guards to kick your butt), sneak to the left and drag one guard who's standing in front of the house with you.. make sure not to run too far or you'll find yourself fighting 3 people :) After that just pick off the councilman who's standing right there... some guard will come rushing, but nothing serious. Next, go back to the entrance of the house, on the right side should be a councilman, a guard and a few peasents. When timed right, you can get the guard alone, the councilman alone and the two peasents who should be easy by now. Next, just go inside, charge the one guard standing there... kill him, charge the next guard.. kill him too :D.. here comes the tricky part.. use the long range weapon i previously mentioned to shoot the councilman on the LEFT of the council room.. this should only aggro the councilman and the guard next to him. Assuming you beat those two... now comes the only hard part... killing a group of 3 (councilman and two guards) by standing in front of the councilroom and running in while staying to the left. Then just run back outside and force the councilman to follow you (since you're out of his line of sight :p). Next, just shoot the remaining councilman, this way you won't aggro that.. eh.. boss guy, run out of the room again so he has to follow you. And then just nail Mr. Boss-whos-name-i-forgot (too lazy to press back on my browser). voila... that's how i did it ^^	Like many quests this one got a whole lot easier in 2.3, the rooms before the main one now contain a single weak councilman each of which can be pulled without adds. The main room only contains burnside, 1 councilman and the clerk all of which can be pulled individually. Burnside is level 30 but he's pretty weak now. Easily soloed as a level 26 fire mage without even using polymorph.
/?quest=539	Battle of Hillsbrad	28	19	Horde	2300 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Foreman Bonds and 10 Hillsbrad Miners and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill. Foreman Bonds slain Hillsbrad Miner slain (10)	You were given direct orders to attack the Azureload Mine. Your reasons for loafing about Tarren Mill better be good or I will behead you for treason.	High Executor Darthalia	High Executor Darthalia	Very easy quest.&nbsp Don't mind the sentrys outside the mine.&nbsp Just go inside the mine and take the miners one at a time. The cords for the mine are : 26,61 The cords for Foreman Bond are 30,58.(Underground/In the Mine) He didn't call any dwarves on me because I killed him fast but if you don't kill him fast enough he will call out two dwarves.	Foreman Bonds is at 31,56 in the Azurelode Mine. Use the lower entrance.	This mine is link city, but a group of 3 level 25's should be able to handle it without much trouble. Enemies range from 27-28. Foreman Bonds is level 30.	as a level 28 priest. Go down the mine and take the first fork to the right, then straight, then right. There is a platform, like a stage mentioned earlier. I thoroughly cleared the room making single pulls of each mob. I then pulled Bonds, using fear and Mind Flay when the dwarves appeared. The dwarves will die automatically a short after Bonds' death because I only killed one of them but they both died. I got 408xp (204 rested) for Bonds, 244xp (122 rested) for the Dun Garok Soldier that spawns, 2300xp and +100 rep (Undercity) for turn in.	Also don't forget to pick up Dangerous! http://classicdb.ch/?object=2008 Miner Hacket is in there as well.
/?quest=541	Battle of Hillsbrad	30 Group	19	Horde	2450 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Travel to Dun Garok and kill 8 Mountaineers, 4 Riflemen, 2 Priests and Captain Ironhill and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill. Dun Garok Mountaineer slain (8) Dun Garok Rifleman slain (4) Dun Garok Priest slain (2) Captain Ironhill slain	Dun Garok proves to be too much of an obstacle for you, <class>? And here I thought you had established yourself valiantly in Hillsbrad.If you're not up to handle the mission assigned to you, I will find another who can produce better results. As for you, well, I am sure the Dark Lady could always use more grave diggers back in Tirisfal Glades.	High Executor Darthalia	High Executor Darthalia	Anyone else think the 'ankle bashers' comment in the description was funny? Cause I cant stop laughing about it.	Cords 69,78	There is a step missing in between this step and the kill Mayor step: Objectives: Kill Foreman Bonds and 10 Hillsbrad Miners and report back to Darthalia in Tarren Mill. Game Description: The Hillsbrad Town Registry indicates that the Azureload Mine is under Alliance control. Furthermore, the mine is a prime source of iron ore for the Alliance armories. Even though we've struck a decisive blow to the town of Hillsbrad, the Alliance still supports and protects the Azureload Mine fervently. The mine lies due south of Hillsbrad. Go there and slay the foreman, a human by the name of Bonds. Kill his miners as well. That should send a clear message to the Alliance. Rewards: You will receive 16 sp, 50 cp	As of patch 2.3 the mobs in Dun Garok are no longer elite, so this quest can be done solo at its level.	Capt. ironhill can spawn either downstairs in the dining room or upstairs in a barracks like room. I think he was level 34. Thinking he was downstairs, we pulled into the room at the bottom of the stairs, which leads into the upper portion of the dining room. With the right timing you can get 1 or 2 per pull. If he is upstairs then we pulled to the top of the stairs. Its best to clear the room to the left of the capt's room to avoid extra adds when you fight him. Runners can be a major problem up there and will lead to some nice trains if they get away since the space is tight. Just a warning for some reason I kept getting aggro from up above in the big room with the steam tanks. There were riflemen up there that kept sniping me then would chase down the strairs bringing about 10 of their friends. If this happens to you id suggest running to the opposite side of the room and dieing at the bottom of the stairs as that spot seemed to be safe to res/buff. Dunno if this was a bug or just the fact that riflemen were up there and i was an orc or what but the undead and troll i was with did not have the problem. Perhaps im just unlucky. cord 71.78 )
/?quest=550	Battle of Hillsbrad	32	19	Both	2550 XP | Pick: [Sacred Burial Trousers, Deadskull Shield, Runic Darkblade] | Item: Band of the Undercity	Eastern Kingdoms	Take Darthalia's Sealed Commendation to Varimathras in the Undercity. Darthalia's Sealed Commendation Provided Item: Darthalia's Sealed Commendation	What brings a <class> all the way to the Undercity from the battlefield?	High Executor Darthalia	Varimathras	56,92	Getting great quest rewards outside instances are very rare. But combine this quest with other quests in Hillsbrad, and you're looking at a very good xp reward. There are several other quests in Tarren Mill which can be done along with this chain.	If you look at the map of Undercity .. there is a small passage leading BEHIND the Apothecarium. Go thru the middle door when ur in front of the Apothecarium. It leads to a big room with the Banshee Queen and this guy - big ugly winged fellow :) Fem	Varimathras is located in the Royals area of Undercity.	ok so I found out you need 21300 to get to level 20. doesn't give you much to play with. So if I did try for this, I'd make sure I had a 70 with me at all times and only group when killing quest mobs xp from quest turn ins give a total of 15450 xp. that's just from turn ins.
/?quest=506	Blackmoore's Legacy	36	29	Both	2100 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Return the information gathered by Gol'dir to Krusk in Tarren Mill.	N/A	Gol'dir	Krusk	Go back to Tarren Mill and talk to Krusk.	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=557	Bracers of Binding	34	30	Horde	2700 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring 4 Bracers of Earth Binding to Keeper Bel'varil in Tarren Mill. Bracers of Earth Binding (4)	Hello, <name>. Elementals are tough quarry, but I know you're up to the task. Do you have those bracers of binding?	Keeper Bel'varil	Keeper Bel'varil	i think its hilarious how people complain about drop rates... its made like that so you spend time grinding to get what you need... personally if i didnt have a goal to killing something endlessly i get bored real quick. so its nice to have these quests that force you to grind (most of the time... some of ya get lucky).	seems to be that there are 2 camps....one near the Lorderon Internment Camp....and then another one further North directly on the east side of the shield.&nbsp Go to the 2nd one and you'll have better luck.&nbsp You'll also notice there are many more elementals there. =)	Bracers from elemental slaves can be found at 22,66 in dalaran	Easy, just kill the elemental slaves in Dalaran. Double this quest up with Dalaran Patrols for easy xp.	I got the bracers off Elemental Slaves in Dalaran. around 14,72
/?quest=564	Costly Menace	34	30	Alliance	2700 XP | Pick: [Shepherd's Girdle, Shepherd's Gloves] | Item: Recipe: Tasty Lion Steak | Item: Tasty Lion Steak 5	Eastern Kingdoms	Darren Malvew of Southshore wants you to kill 8 Mountain Lions and 10 Hulking Mountain Lions. Mountain Lion slain (8) Hulking Mountain Lion slain (10)	Mountain Lions killin' off our horses left and right and here you are wantin' to jibber-jabber about the weather and what not.Ought to go and find myself a real hero. More killin' and less talkin'.	Darren Malvew	Darren Malvew	Find Hillsbrad Fields and go north from there. As you go north, be looking to the NE. You will see a small vale running up betweem two spurs pointing out south and southwest from the mountainside. Go up the vale, the lions you want are on the two spurs. On the western spur I only saw the regular mountain lions. The eastern spur had both regular and hulking. Regular mountain lions are about 32-33, hulking 33-34. They drop lion meat with decent regularity as well.	Look at 38,89&nbsp in Alterac Mtns.	38,90 in the Alterac Mountains is the place to go, also known as 'The Headland' for folks who don't use co-ordinates - it is at the southern end of the map, and is the middle one of 3 mesas or plateaus. Both mobs are here in abundance and they respawn quickly.	hulking mountain loins can be found on Corrahn's Dagger.&nbsp Head north up the road past Tarren Mills into Alterac Mountains and its the little plateau on the left. FYI: you can find the mobs for the syndicate assassins quest, so grab that too before heading out	They appear to be on a rotating spawn. If you don't see any of the lions you need, kill the other type and wait for the respawns.
/?quest=545	Dalaran Patrols	35	30	Horde	2050 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 6 Dalaran Summoners and 12 Elemental Slaves, then return to Magus Voidglare in Tarren Mill. Dalaran Summoner slain (6) Elemental Slave slain (12)	Have you yet thinned the Dalaran patrols around their ruins?	Magus Wordeen Voidglare	Magus Wordeen Voidglare	Hi, I found 1 at 10,77. Good Luck.	Summoners can summon in a caster (the ones who summon the ghosts) or a Shield Guard, so interrupt/fear them if possible. The rocks get weaker as you damage them though, so pretty easy. The summoners also drop Runes of Opening, which can open the lockboxes lying around (I didn't find anything good in them, just some greys).	18, 76 Dalaran (in Alterac Mountains)	When entering dalaran, look out for a level 40 standing on the outskirts of the ruins. He looks very similar to the summoners but is 5/6 levels higher. Also, the mobs inside the ruins are very close to each other and it is very easy to aggro multiple mobs.	Where?I didn't do Prison Break In for like, 2 months and now I can do the quest..where's the dome?
/?quest=567	Dangerous!	28	19	Horde	2300 XP | Pick: [Bow of Plunder, Sentry Buckler, Charred Wand] | Item: Hooded Cowl	Eastern Kingdoms	High Executor Darthalia of Tarren Mill is offering a bounty on Clerk Horrace Whitesteed, Citizen Wilkes, Miner Hackett and Farmer Kalaba. Clerk Horrace Whitesteed slain Citizen Wilkes slain Miner Hackett slain Farmer Kalaba slain	Yes?	Dangerous!	High Executor Darthalia	Clerk Horrace Whitesteed: 30,42 Citizen Wilkes: 35,39 'wandering the road' Miner Hackett: 29,55 / 30,58 Farmer Kalaba: 36,46	Farmer Kalaba - 35, 46 Citizen Wilkes - 30, 40 Spawn Location (Outside the town hall, walks back and forward to the Forge) Clerk Horrace Whitesteed - 30, 42 (Inside the town hall) Miner Hackett - 26, 59 (Inside Azurelode Mine, different spawn locations)	This quest is quite difficult to finish solo. Clerk Horrace Whitesteed is located in the town hall in Hillsbrad Fields but is surrounded by a number of Councilmen and Town Registry. Good idea to complete 'Battle of Hillsbrad' [26] at the same time. https://classicdb.ch/?quest=532 Miner Hackett is a little easier but is slow to get to (rogues have it easier) but watch out for patrols.	Killing humans sure is fun. The best part is when they try to run from you. Muhahaha. Clerk Horace & Citizen Wilkes can be found in the main buildings at the Hillsbrad Fields area. Approximate loc is 31,45. Farmer Kabala was in the fields doing what she is told, work. I found her amongst the orchards hiding at this loc: 35,47. Miner Hackett was more of a pain to find. Go southwest of the Hillsbrad Fields to a mine entrance, Azurelode Mine. You'll be fighting your way to the back of the mine and there you'll find the Hackett. If you're a hunter be sure to use Track Humaniods, it will make your job easier in the long run. My results: You gain 2300 experience. Your reputation with Undercity has increased.	1. Miner Hackett is in Azurelode Mine in the Northeastern most nook in the mine. 2. Clerk Horrace Whitesteed is in Hilsbrad Fields in the western most house with the wall around it. 3.&nbsp Citizen Wilkes walks up/down the center road inside of Hilsbrad Fields. 4. Farmer Kalaba is in the center of the Southeastern most farm in Hilsbrad Fields.
/?quest=536	Down the Coast	30	25	Alliance	1850 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 10 Torn Fin Tidehunters and 10 Torn Fin Oracles for Lieutenant Farren Orinelle in Southshore. Torn Fin Tidehunter slain (10) Torn Fin Oracle slain (10)	Another ale, please, the last one just seemed to have disappeared!Light, how much longer am I going to be stuck out here?Oh, it's you, <name>. Have you killed those murlocs yet?	Lieutenant Farren Orinelle	Lieutenant Farren Orinelle	45,65	Down The Coast (Quest) tloc, 48,64	If you are doing this quest alone and are around the same levels as the murlocs (especially if you're squishy), I suggest going into the water right off the shoreline. You can easily pull the murlocs in the water one at a time. The ones on the shore and at the camps will almost always come in at least pairs. I went the water route with my lvl 31 lock and had no problems.	If ur a Druid or Warlock (class w/underwater breathing) swim in the ocean and pick them off. I thought it was easier that linking 2-3 on land. I did this as a 31 Warlock died 2 times b4 I figured out to swim lol :P GL	You will find them around 45.65, along the coast
/?quest=509	Elixir of Agony	28	24	Horde	2300 XP | Item: Swiftness Potion 3 | Item: Healing Potion 5	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring 6 Mudsnout Blossoms to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill. Mudsnout Blossoms (6)	Any luck at Nethander Stead?	Apothecary Lydon	Apothecary Lydon	65, 60 Nethander stead	Spawns rapidly in a field (64, 62). Lvl 27-28 guards walk around it.	You can see them on your mini-map if you got Herbalism :)	It's a good idea to use a spell interrupt on the shaman if you have one, as they have a lightning spell that can hit hard as well as a heal that can bring them back to 50% health. (Earthshock is great if you're a shaman)	Edited, Tue Jul 5 18:47:04 2005
/?quest=513	Elixir of Agony	28	24	Horde	1150 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Take the Mudsnout Composite to Master Apothecary Faranell in the Undercity. Mudsnout Composite Provided Item: Mudsnout Composite	Can you not see I am busy, <class>? The Dark Lady insists on a new plague before the Scourge advance from Northrend overwhelms us. And with the human threat pressing from the south, time becomes my most precious commodity. This better be important!	Apothecary Lydon	Master Apothecary Faranell	48, 69 -- Just look for the alchemy trainer in Undercity.	The mini-map can be confusing, since it will show Apothecary Faranell in the hallway leading to Sylvanas. He is actually in a chamber underneath that hallway. The entrance to the Apothecarium is to the right of the hall leading to the Royal Quarter.	Where in UC is Master Apothecary Faranell? He's at 48,69	...or you could just ask a guard where the alchemisit trainer is and he will mark it on your map and give you a little arrow to follow.&nbsp Very easy for those of us unfamiliar with the town (even like that its still kind of hard because you can't go straight to him, there are walls and such but its better than nothing).	Master Apothecary Faranell is in the Apothecarium at 48, 69.
/?quest=515	Elixir of Agony	30	24	Both	3050 XP | Pick: [High Apothecary Cloak, Meditative Sash]	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring the Mudsnout Mixture, a Strong Troll's Blood Potion, 5 Daggerspine Scales and 5 Torn Fin Eyes to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill. Mudsnout Mixture Strong Troll's Blood Potion Daggerspine Scale (5) Torn Fin Eye (5) Provided Item: Mudsnout Mixture	So glad to see you back, <name>. I was growing so terribly bored here. Not a single entertaining thing to do besides poison and disease Umpi and reanimate her. . .over and over and over again.How went the trip to the Undercity? Were you fortunate enough to slaughter any humans along the way?	Master Apothecary Faranell	Apothecary Lydon	Strong Troll Blood is from alchemy, Daggerspines are south of southshore, and murlocs(torn fins) are SW of southshore.	Strong Troll's blood potion: Buy from alchemist (min level 125) Torn Fin Eye: Straight South of Hilsbrad fields along the shore. Loot from Torn fin Muckdwellers and Torn fin oracles. 30,70 range. Daggerspine scale: South-Eastern corner of Hilsbrad along coast. 64,85 range	[b]Strong Troll's Blood[/b] - Is made by alchemist, so by it from them or get it from Action House in fx. Undercity. [b]Daggerspine Scale[/b] - Drops from humanoid, fishlike creatures which can be found i Hillsbrad Foothills around /tloc [u]54,63[/u] (around the river between Southshore and Nethander Stead). Watch out for allies, they also come here to get these. [b]Torn Fin Eye[/b] - Drop from the fishlike creatures on Western Strand, I find the spot around /tloc [u]34,68[/u] a good spot, but be careful about atacking the groups. Go for the lonely ones. [i]This was the info that I missed, but ofcause after reading the whole thing through I got it... It took me like a half an hour.[/i]	Strong Troll's Blood Potion: Buy from alchemist (min level 125) Torn Fin Eye: Straight South of Hillsbrad fields along the shore. Loot from Torn Fin Muckdwellers and Torn Fin Oracles. 30,70 range. Daggerspine Scale: South-Eastern corner of Hillsbrad along coast. 64,85 range	The torn fin eyes drop from the Torn Fins in Western Strand near loc 46,62. The daggerspine drop off the Daggerspines in Eastern Strand near loc 67,77. Edited, Sat Dec 18 11:20:40 2004
/?quest=517	Elixir of Agony	30 Group	24	Horde	1200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring a keg of Shindigger Stout to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill. Keg of Shindigger Stout	Sometimes I get so bored out here in Tarren Mill I like to open up the formaldehyde jar and let the lovely aroma waft through the air. Makes Umpi a little nervous though.So were you able to get a keg from the Dwarves? I swear if I have to stare at this deadly elixir without using on it someone for another day I am going to scream.	Apothecary Lydon	Apothecary Lydon	The keg spawns randomly in either the 2 upper or lower messhalls before you go down stairs and also in he main room down stairs.&nbsp Check all 5 spots.	One keg is at 71.80 in a room on the right side of the building. In the room there are a set of stairs and 1 mob plus another mob patroling up and down the stairs. Keg is cleverly hiden by a large group of boxes in the northern corner of the room. Others at 71.80 at bottom of right stairs 72.79 at bottom of the left stairs next to some guns. 72.80 at the top of left stairs. 71.80 on the left side when you go down the main stairs (leading to a fireplace) next to a table. LOTS OF MOBS! I think thats it, thanks for reading my first comment and good luck wih this quest. (For rogues)If the keg is not there keep checking around and try to pickpocket everyone, it adds up quite a bit 40-50 copper per pocket Rispo 31 Rogue Bloodfeather	I found it down some stairs, on the left side. I did it as a level 28 rogue - I have maxed my stealth talents, which was a help. It was next to a dwarf who wouldn't stay sapped in the end I used a pinch of 'slumber powder' (some reward from a very low-level quest in the Undead starting areas) - it knocked him out long enough for me to get the beer, vanish, and walk out.	It appears randomly in three location as far as I'm concerned: near two stairs (from the left and the right side of the enterance), which lead to the inn where the boss spawns and down the inn with the boss.	I found it at 72,81. Not sure if it spawns in different locations.
/?quest=524	Elixir of Agony	30	24	Horde	3650 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Place the Tainted Keg on the rug for the captured farmers. Tainted Keg Provided Item: Tainted Keg	A musty smell emanates from the rug.	Apothecary Lydon	Dusty Rug	It's very simple, once you have the keg which is a random spawn inside dun garok, you take it to the apothecary in Tarren Mill. Then accept the last quest in the sequence. Go NEXT DOOR TO THE INN IN TARREN MILL. Go upstairs, click on the rug, watch what happens. END QUEST LINE.	The rug is Next Door in the in at (61,18) up stairs. This is about a 10 sec run for 3650 XP and 200 reputation with undercity	pretty underwhelming end to a long quest chain.	Return to Terren Mill at 62, 18 upstairs go left and click on rug on floor, 3350 Exp Nise	It is upstairs in the Inn.
/?quest=501	Elixir of Pain	24	21	Horde	1950 XP | Pick: [Gloves of Brawn, Stomping Boots, Firewalker Boots] | Item: Recipe: Hot Lion Chops	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring 10 vials of Mountain Lion Blood to Apothecary Lydon in Tarren Mill. Mountain Lion Blood (10)	I remember you, <name>. You were going to help me out in concocting my latest elixir. I'll need that blood before I can bring my own special brand of misery to the inhabitants of Hillsbrad.	Apothecary Lydon	Apothecary Lydon	[url=http://uploaddump.nl/uploads/kkqwwcewcceko-naamloos.bmp]http://uploaddump.nl/uploads/kkqwwcewcceko-naamloos.bmp[/url] Kill Starving mouting lions	Most of the blood is found near 52,35 / 54,40 / 47,43 areas.&nbsp Most of the drops were on lvl 23 & 24 lions.	I found some Starving Mountain Lions around 53.30. They were 23-24. Even more surrounding the hill at 40.40.	32,35 on the dog	Don't listen to these clowns, i just did this and the straving ones drop them WAY more often then the other lions, and their the lowest level ones, making it the fastest way. when you hand that quest it, you get 2k xp, then another 1.4k xp for deilvering it to the dog in hillsbrad, then when you kill him 1.1k xp 4500k XP FOR THIS QUEST! takes long but is [b]WELL[/b] worth it.
/?quest=502	Elixir of Pain	24	21	Horde	1450 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Feed the Elixir of Pain to Stanley. Elixir of Pain Provided Item: Elixir of Pain	Woof?	Apothecary Lydon	Stanley	Stanley is a little dog in the back left of Hillsbrad Fields, head to the back left and you should see the yellow dot for where he is. When you turn in the quest he turns into a level 24 monster, make sure to kill him as he gives 700 exp or so when killed.	He a meeean pooch.&nbsp Gives it to him and runs or fight him.&nbsp Just watch out for farmers and footmen around you.&nbsp Got my arse handed to me on a platter by stan, footman and a farmer.&nbsp I like three-ways but not THAT much.	DONT FORGET ! Kill the dog he give u 1500 exp!	Doing this quest while rested is a very good idea. I got 2000+ xp from killing the dog at level 25, 1000 or so of that from rested XP. Not to mention the 1500 XP from doing the quest itself.	The dog is around 33,34 on the Houses
/?quest=496	Elixir of Suffering	22	19	Horde	180 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Apothecary Lydon of Tarren Mill wants 10 Gray Bear Tongues and some Creeper Ichor. Gray Bear Tongue (10) Creeper Ichor	I see you are back. I hope you were able to gather the agents I need. Another deathless day will put me in such a gloomy mood.	Apothecary Lydon	Apothecary Lydon	Yep, 63,33 it dropped after an hour or so. I tried to farm the lvl 25 spiders, but I went back to the bridge area (slightly north ofg the bridge, on the west side of the river)and [b]killed the lvl 22's[/b] again, and got it right away. I'm suprised nobody mentioned the Bear Tounges being a tough drop.&nbsp [b]Agian the lvl 22 bears do the trick.[/b] Peace ~D Posted 12/14/2005 [url=http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v503/casedizzy/Hilsbradbig.jpg]http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v503/casedizzy/Hilsbradbig.jpg[/url]	Well this took me quite some time to finish, but I found my sticky ichor by the bridge...&nbsp 2 people said they foud it there too.&nbsp So go to the bridge!	This quest is usually quite frustrating. The Creeper Ichor has about a 2% chance to drop so you could get it on your first spider or your 500th. The Grey Bear Tongues aren't that common either, about 20% chance to drop. North of Hillsbrad Fields is a good spot for both spiders and bears.	You will have the grey bear tongues long before you will have the Ichor, unless you are really lucky. This quest is notorious for taking hours to complete just because of the ichor.	After messing with the creepers for a bit, I found a Creepthess which was a little S of the road by the Hillsbrad fields 39,53. He dropped the echor two times i found him. Its easy to spot because its Grey not Green.
/?quest=499	Elixir of Suffering	22	19	Horde	1750 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Give Umpi the Elixir of Suffering. Elixir of Suffering Provided Item: Elixir of Suffering	Ribbit!	Apothecary Lydon	Umpi	Ok, after 3 hours and no Icor, I headed to trusty thottbot. Majority rule was to hit the bridge areas. So I did....crossed bridge and hung a quick right. Second kill of a Giant Moss Creeper and its /dance time. Creeper icor! Short lived celebration, followed by extreme terror.... The fiance just pulled up, and I failed to get the dishes done....OH TURDS! I am currently hiding under the couch w/ the laptop....shhhhhh! she will never find me for I am in 'Ghetto Stealth' Ohhh man....she is really mad....I bet she broke her toe....'Kickin the fridge never solve's a thing.' P.S. go to www.wowinterface.com and get the 'titan panel' addon for the grid cordinance tool.	this Q has made me want to die	Yep, 63,33 it dropped after an hour or so. I tried to farm the lvl 25 spiders, but I went back to the bridge area (slightly north ofg the bridge, on the west side of the river)and [b]killed the lvl 22's[/b] again, and got it right away. I'm suprised nobody mentioned the Bear Tounges being a tough drop.&nbsp [b]Agian the lvl 22 bears do the trick.[/b] Peace ~D Posted 12/14/2005 [url=http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v503/casedizzy/Hilsbradbig.jpg]http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v503/casedizzy/Hilsbradbig.jpg[/url]	Umpi is standing right next to quest-giver Lydon. Very amusing quest. Almost makes grinding all the spiders and bears worth it. Almost.	...croak'd.
/?quest=559	Farren's Proof	32	25	Alliance	2250 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Collect 10 Murloc Heads from the murlocs on the Western Strand for Lieutenant Farren Orinelle in Southshore. Murloc Head (10)	Did you get those heads for me, <name>?	Lieutenant Farren Orinelle	Lieutenant Farren Orinelle	I don't know why the drop rate is so low. Its not like we are killing headless murlocs.	This quest was pathetic, the mission objective was to loot 10 murloc heads, which in my eyes should be done by killing 10 murlocs, since all of them have heads. But the drop rate was very low, and I can't really understand why. I am 100% sure that all the murlocs I killed acctually had heads :p Pathetic.	Its amazing how many headless murlocs are running around Hillsbrad...	the drop rates are better with muckdweller and coastrunners further west around 33,70. they are lower lvl (28-29) so that would also speed up the process. the oracles and tidehunters have a lower drop rate for the murloc heads, and are higher lvl which would slow your the quest completetion further hope this helps =]	Farren's Proof (Quest) tloc, 35,68
/?quest=560	Farren's Proof	32	25	Alliance	260 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Deliver the sack of murloc heads to Marshall Redpath in Southshore. Sack of Murloc Heads Provided Item: Sack of Murloc Heads	Greetings, citizen. Have you come to lend your arm to upholding the safety of Southshore?	Lieutenant Farren Orinelle	Marshal Redpath	I find that the oracles seem to drop the heads more often. But regardless, the drop rate is still quite upsetting. Just keep at it. The XP is decent if you're around the quest level.	I agree. The drop rate is depressing. Just keep going. It will take a while more than likely.	This quest gives 25 Stormwind reputation at yellow.	at lvl 39 this part of the Quests gives 16 SW reputaion =) hehe had it for ages, and have been doing other stuff, so forgot all about it :)	N/A
/?quest=561	Farren's Proof	32	25	Both	260 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Lieutenant Farren Orinelle in Southshore.	N/A	Marshal Redpath	Lieutenant Farren Orinelle	Farren is a lazy bastard. You're going to do his dirty work and get him promoted, in the end. So get ready to kill lots of stuff. Fortunately, the following mobs are all fairly easy, just make sure you don't get overwhelmed with large groups. The Murlocs just south of Southshore are excellent for farming fish oil, a reagent for a shaman's ability to walk on water.	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=503	Gol'dir	36	29	Horde	2800 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Free Gol'dir then return to Krusk in Tarren Mill. Find where Gol'dir is being held Rusted Iron Key	Give me the key, <class>, I will undo the lock myself.	Krusk	Gol'dir	What?: Kill [b]Gol'dir[/b] Who: [b]Gol'dir[/b] Where: Alterec Mountains- Strahnbrad [b]60,45[/b] It is inside the innlooking building. To get to Strahnbrad, go out of tarren mill.&nbsp Take the north road.&nbsp Follow the road till you hit Gallow's Corner, [b]50,55[/b]. This will lead to a fork, take the west fork.&nbsp Follow it till you hit Strahnbrad. Steps: First kill the [b]Jailor Borhuin[/b] at [b]60,43[/b] &nbsp &nbsp &nbsp Second, Talk to [b]Gol'dir[/b] [b]59,43[/b] G/l! P.S. Watch out for Syndicate Spy's, they are stealth.&nbsp Also, if you are on the quest WANTED: Baron Vardus, he will sometimes spawn in a building the the Strahnbrad area	You need to go to Strahnbad (62,44). Goldir is in the bulding directly southwest of the clocktower building.	He's in Strahnbrad in Alterac. In the Inn on the second floor. 59,43 First you neeed the key, Kill Jailor Burhuin for the rusted key.&nbsp He's located in the building just north (next door) to the inn, in the clocktower. While you're here, there's another quest you can complete in the basement of them inn, the quest is called 'WANTED: Baron Vardus'. [url=https://classicdb.ch/quest=566]https://classicdb.ch/quest=566[/url]	You can find Jailor Burhuin in the clock tower in Strahnbrad. It is the northern-most building there.	Gol'dir is on the top floor of the building that looks like an inn/tavern. Be prepared to deal with at least a half dozen Syndicate mobs, though not at one time. Jailor Borhuin has the key you need, and he usually spawns in the room before you reach Gol'dir. If he's not there, you will need to search the other buildings (except the northernmost building).
/?quest=552	Helcular's Revenge	33	29	Horde	2650 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Retrieve Helcular's Rod from the Yeti and bring it back to Novice Thaivand in Tarren Mill. Helcular's Rod	Have you recovered Helcular's Rod yet? There are so many Yeti in this region, it will be very difficult to locate. But we must have it in order to proceed.	Novice Thaivand	Novice Thaivand	this is the real reason the yeti are extinct	Good luck with this one. I have had characters find this rod on the first yeti killed. Other characters had to kill MANY yetis to get the drop. Yes, the yetis you have to kill are in the cave on Darrow Hill. Any yeti there (or right outside) can drop it.	This cave is at Darrow Hill, SW of Tarren Mill, and NE of Hillsbrad Fields. [b]Coords&nbsp 46, 32[/b] I cleaned out most of the Yeti inside the cave, and was starting on round two, when I got the drop, [i]inside[/i] the cave. When you get to the next quest in this series, you'll have to bring the rod back to this same cave for two of the three flames, so note where the two green flames are. The third flame is in another yeti cave due north of this one, in the snowy area.	I've done this quest twice. The first time, it took nearly three hours for the rod to drop. The second time, it was only about a half hour. Either way, it seems the drop rate is very low. It's a good quest to do though if you don't mind straight up grinding... overall, it yields some decent xp, plus the yeti cave has some good ore spawns in it.	This might sound hard to believe, but I didn't even have to kill ONE yeti ! When I got there, a kind yeti named Larry just walked up and handed me the rod. Later that night, he joined our RFK party (we needed a tank), and he ninja'd the boss loot.&nbsp Prick.
/?quest=553	Helcular's Revenge	33	29	Horde	3300 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Charge the Rod of Helcular with the powers of the Flame of Azel, Flame of Veraz and the Flame of Uzel. Drive the charged rod into Helcular's grave in Southshore. Flame of Azel charged [ Charging ]	Helcular's grave teems with a mystical energy.	Novice Thaivand	Helcular's Grave	As someone said above: Flame of Azel: 44, 28 on the top floor of the Yeti cave on the opposite side of the entrance Flame of Veraz: 44, 27 bottom floor of the Yeti Cave opposite side of the entrance Flame of Uzel: 38, 66 in the Growless cave in Alterac Mountains Helcular's Grave: 53, 53 and it is surrounded by guards so watch out	His grave is at 52,53. If you want to avoid conflict, come in on the river, his grave is the closest one to the river in the graveyard.	first 2 flames: Cave entrance (hillsbrad Foothils): 46,32 Graveyard location (Hillsbrad foothils): 52,55 Flame of Uzel (Alterac mountains): 37,69. That's it :-) Have fun	Flames of Azel and Veraz are in the original cave of Yeti in Hillsbrad... Uzel is in Alteric Valley directly North of the original cave... If you picked up Frostmaine quest in Thunder Bluff kill the mtn lions in Hillsbrad to place the carcass on the Uzel flame, it will spawn Fostmaine (37) Yeti...easy kill... Now on to the involved part...the grave for Southshore is near the river...watch out for the guards they will agro...when you do agro grards just run twards the grave stone...yes take the walk from Tauren Mill and res at your body...quickly click on the headstone and then run out at an NE angle from the stone...good luck ... I did it witout taking any sickness whatsoever... 35 Shaman Troll	Flame of Azel charged 1/1 Flame of Veraz charged 1/1 location : Hillsbrad Fothills Cord's : 46.31 ( yeti cave ) Flame of Uzel charged 1/1 location : Alteric Valley Cord's : 37.68
/?quest=657	Hints of a New Plague?	36	30	Both		Eastern Kingdoms	Speak to Kinelory.	N/A	Quae	Kinelory	Ok, she will march to the left and down into the farm. Once in the farm she will walk along the base of the cliff until the silos. From there she will cut across the farm to the first building on the left if you were to enter by the road. As she walks this path there will spawn some orcs to block her way along with the regular spawns in the area. Once she kills the apothecary and gets back to the road she will run back to her point of origin. Be sure to keep up with her, if you get too far behind in an escort quest you will not get credit at the end.	I read the comment of the poster above just after failing the q! You really have to make sure she's near you, if some one attacks wait until she's fighting too or she'll keep walking, you kill the mob and she's too far away and as a result of that you fail the q. Great isn't it?	Don't bother killing off the Orc Grunts near the farm silos in Killroy's path, those guys respawn as she gets there even if you just killed them (watched 2 groups do this before I got my turn).&nbsp However, it is a good idea to kill the Orc Peons in the barn, and in the field near the barn they dont respawn when Killroy approaches. Killroy pretty much takes care of herself, best way to help is to keep mana up and use a wand or spell that doesnt aggro the Orc into coming at you. (lvl 34 Mage when I did this).&nbsp Used my wand mostly, with a few CoC & FS when the Orcs tried to run off for help.&nbsp Worst part was on the way back to finish the quest Fozruk the Giant chased me because he & minions were walking by. McCready - Malfurion	Solo'd this as a lvl 34 hunter. No pre-cleaning of the mobs required. Just make sure to keep your pet on a leash and keep an eye out on the girl's health as she fights her way through the mobs. I tried to juggle aggro between my pet and her to be able to put out consistent DPS. Bandage the girl after the turn when 4 orcs jump her and drink/eat as soon as she starts walking to always be at full health and mana. This wasn't hard at all. Pro-tip: Start this quest when you've verfied that the courier and her entourage have spawned and started walking off...	Just stand near Quae, and w8 for respawn Kileory.
/?quest=658	Hints of a New Plague?	36	30	Both	2800 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find the Forsaken Courier and bring back her Sealed Folder to Quae near the Go'Shek Farm. Sealed Folder	We appreciate your help in looking for that courier, <name>.While you were gone, Kin saw an apothecary come out of that same house to the south of here. I'm confident that they're up to no good--I just need proof of it before we go off and do something rash.Have you had any luck yet?	Quae	Quae	The easiest way to find the courier is to follow the road from Tarren Mill east to Arathi, and continue following it all the way to the farm. That should give the game enough time to spawn the courier if it isn't up, and if it is you'll run into it on your way east. If for some reason you don't find her, she (and her guards) will spawn in the house at the south-west corner of the farm. It's the same one with the apothecary in it. The courier herself should be easily soloable by any class, it's the guards that are a pain. I solo'd this quest without a problem as a 35 warrior. Bloodrage + charge courier + intimidating shout. YMMV.	Quae loc: 60,54 Arathi	the courier spawns @ [b]Go'shek Farm[/b] (60,60) he rolls with 4 bodyguards (low-mid 30s, forgot the exact lvls) he follows the path towards [b]Tarren Mill[/b] (55,20) which is @ Hillsbard (west of Arathi) he does not walk back to Go'shek from Tarren Mill (i believe), he just spawns again @ Go'shek i didn't actually see the courier party get pounded by the alliance bodyguard but if everyone is saying that then solo it by following the courier party until a gang war takes place if not, then group up tank the courier and kill that dude no matter what everyone else, immobilize the party (sheep, charm, fear, stun, you get the point) if the courier dies while everyone in tha party is still alive then either finnish of the rest if possible or run, since the courier is dead already if your partymates dies after the courier dies, its fine, the item is still loot-able after rez i hope this helps goodluck	2800 XP at level 39, when the quest is green.	For those of us on the Alliance side, there are a group of mounted guards that run the same road. They will attack this mob on sight. All I had to do was follow them until they dismounted and make sure I got the the courier and I was able to do this as a 35 mage rather easily.
/?quest=659	Hints of a New Plague?	33	30	Alliance	1300 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find Quae and Kinelory near the Go'Shek Farm in the Arathi Highlands.	N/A	Phin Odelic	Quae	be sure u look in the Arathi Highlands and not in Hillsbrad foothills as I did. Normally didn't find anything on this loc. :P	Located at 60, 54	[b]60,53[/b]	She is by the Windmil over looking the farm	fount her on /tloc 60,54
/?quest=660	Hints of a New Plague?	37	30	Both	2850 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Protect Kinelory until she returns to Quae. Protect Kinelory	Is Kinelory safe?	Kinelory	Quae	Last night I figured out the wrong way to do this quest. It was myself (36 mage), a 41 Warlock and with a 38 Druid (Kinelory), so you'd think that it would be a piece of cake. Well it was until we got to the house ... and it was empty. There were quite a few people camping the Forsaken Courier down there that night and apparently they'd finished off the Apothecary and Courier shortly before we got there. After a moment or so, everything respawned inside the house with us and we suddenly had six 35+ enemies to fight. It got ugly ... I nuked until I had no mana, then died ... quest failed. Next time I'll make sure there's no one around camping the Courier before trying this.	2850 XP at level 39.	I believe I was incredibly unlucky but Forsaken Courrier and the four bodyguards spawned exactly at the same time I entered the room. Beware !	Ok i got ganked by a lvl 50 horde during the quest and i failed it. Does she respawn so i can try it again? do i have to apandom the quest?	I did this one by killing off some of the orcs first that r down the hill, and around were the quest is. The ones for the quest will respawn when u go up to start this part but there wont be as many extras to jump u. Get a bow or something to pull mobs to u, don't let her get ahead she aggroes everything. if its 2 mobs, easy kills, if 3, gets scary, 4 and 5 and she or u might die. So try to thin the heard first, then start it, and pull mobs to u with the Bow or whatever u have.
/?quest=661	Hints of a New Plague?	37	30	Alliance	3350 XP | Pick: [Dustfall Robes, Lightstep Leggings]	Eastern Kingdoms	Find Phin Odelic in Southshore.	N/A	Quae	Phin Odelic	3550 XP at level 39.	Odelic is at 50,59	Phin Odelic is standing right outside of the Southshore Inn.	At Lvl 42, 3550 xp, 150 Stormwind rep, 37.5 ea. Ironforge & Gnomeregan rep.	Another happy vendor when he got the cool blue leggings.. How come the panther hunter quest is easier than this quest chain. Well exp wasn't so bad after all, lats npc gave me 3500 exp at lvl 40.
/?quest=547	Humbert's Sword	30 Group	26	Horde	3050 XP | Pick: [Ribbed Breastplate, Mercenary Leggings]	Eastern Kingdoms	Retrieve Deathguard Humbert's sword from Dun Garok and return it to him in Tarren Mill. Humbert's Sword	Were you able to retrieve my sword, <name>? High Executor Darthalia will hang me from the rafters if she discovers my folly.	Deathguard Humbert	Deathguard Humbert	The title says enough, Dun garok is one of my favorite farming grounds for greens to disenchant and for the coin and silk/wool. usualy i grind there for a hour or two every other day. then comes another player who needs to quest there, i always offer them some help because im a big and cudly druid and it doesn't bother me that they take some of my silver and cloth. there are two types of players the one that says, 'sure, thank you' the one that says 'pfff, i can solo this so STFU' The top one has the sword in about one complete clearing, the bottom one just sucks and dies alot. This droprate is horrible if you only fight the mobs outside, if one of the mobs inside has the drop, you can grind till your level 36 and never get the sword. one advice if you are in a party do a full sweep and i guarantee you will get this drop!	70.75	The sword is found on the dwarves around 70,77. It has a very low drop rate so you may be there a while, but it's good XP, I did it at level 30 (Hunter) with a 30 priest.	I didn't have to go inside as well. The drop rate on this sword sucks. A guildmate and I camped this dorf hideout for over 2 hours and finally after heading out with one more kill we got the sword to drop. The mobs here are 28-30 but they are a bit more tough than you regulars. Keep that in mind when you go charging in there like the police on a meth lab. We saw a few 28's and 29's go running in only to either die or run like a crazy person. So, you've been warned. My results: You gain 3050 experience. Your reputation with Undercity has greatly increased.	Got this sword to drop off a guard outside. It can be [b]shared [/b] by the whole group.
/?quest=533	Infiltration	34	29	Horde	2700 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Retrieve information about Gol'dir's whereabouts for Krusk in Tarren Mill. Syndicate Missive	Have you found anything? I fear Gol'dir's prospects grow worse by the day...	Krusk	Krusk	It appears you can do this quest two different ways. The first is to go kill any and all Syndicate mobs you find to the north. The missive will randomly drop off one of them. The other way is to go talk to Henchman Valik at 57, 69. He will offer you the missive in exchange for some Southshore Stout. You likely don't have any on you, but on the cliff south of Valik you should see a Syndicate mob named Drunken Footpad. Kill him and he will drop the stout. Take it back to Valik and he'll give you the missive. Easy to do if you don't trust the drop rate (and I couldn't blame you).	Simple Quest, Just go to the Inkeeper in Tarren Mill and buy (1 Southshore Stout) from him, then run north to 57.69 where you will find Valik, Talk to him and give him the stout in exchange for the Missive, all you need to watch for is a gap in the sydicate patrols and your home free, no need to kill a single toon. Simplicity Itself :) If by chance you should aggro Valik by mistake it's not a problem, just kill the surrounding mobs as they drop the Missive too.	Alright i didnt understand all the stuff that was posted here, [b]so im going to summarize it![/b] [ul] [li]Go west from Tarren Mills towards Alterac. Once in Alterac turn into 'Sofera's Naze.' [/li] [li]In their you will see Syndicates, and Vladik. [/li] [li] You have two choces now, To get the missive as a drop or get it from Vladik. [/li] [li]If you kill the Syndicates the missive will drop (i got it on my 3rd kill) [/li] [li]However, If you want to do Vladiks mission, he begs for you not to kill him and he will give you the missive in exchange for Southshore Stout. [/li] [/ul] Once you recieve the missive your good to go!	There are three ways of doing this quest, basically - the lazy way, the grindy way, and the efficient way. The lazy way is to simply buy a Southshore Stout before leaving Tarren Mill, giving it to Henchman Valik and completing the quest without having to fight. The grindy way is to kill syndicates until it drops. You might get lucky and get it early, or have to kill for ages. The efficient way is to kill syndicates until either the missive or the stout (yes, it does drop off the syndicates) drops and complete the quest that way.	Krusk's low level quest, The Rescue, is a prereq for this quest. https://classicdb.ch/quest=498 Just spent a while trying to figure out why I couldn't get the quest. Krusk just didn't have it. After I completed The Rescue, this one showed up.
/?quest=507	Lord Aliden Perenolde	42	29	Horde	4300 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Lord Aliden Perenolde and ask his mistress, Elysa, about Taretha's pendant. Lord Aliden Perenolde slain	W-what do you want?	Krusk	Elysa	Run north through Alterac Mountains, through Strahnbrad and through the valley with all the mountain lions/Syndicate personell. You will come up on a farmhouse near the shore of the lake. The Syndicate mobs here are 39-40 and tend to be stealthed. There are two right outside the door, and you will likely have to fight both at once. Once the door is cleared, be ready to fight two more at the same time right inside the door. It's best to pull them outside so you don't aggro the other mobs in the house. Once you dispatch those, you'll have to deal with Nagaz, a level 40 orc (part of an Alliance quest). Once he's down, there should be one more stealthed mob near the stairs to deal with. Upstairs, there is one stealthed mob and one regular mob. You will have to deal with both at the same time. Pull them downstairs so you don't accidentally aggro Lord Perenolde. Once you've finished them off, charge Perenolde. If you have never fought a paladin in PvP, this is a good preview. He has bubble shields and heals, and he's not shy about using them. He also has a sleep spell, so if you are in a group, expect to occassionally be down one person until sleep breaks. He is level 41, but he's not elite. Once you get his health down fairly low, he starts to flee, but he often runs back into the bedroom, which lets you pick him off at your leisure. Talk to the girl in the bedroom to finish the quest.	he is in the house @ 40,16 on the 2nd floor, also his wife is there, but be careful when entering soloed with rogue 38	The Manor sits all the way to the north of the lake next to a tall mountain/hill. Clear the area first before you enter the house otherwise youll find yourself fighting a whole lot more than you expect. Theres a bunch of level 40s on the first floor of the house. And level 36-39 outside. Nice story but the rewards for this quest wasnt even worth doing the whole chain quest. The XP was ok but u can find better quests coming from the area that take less of a hassle and pay u back with better satisfaction of an item and XP in the end. Overall, this was just mediocre.	39, 15 Alterac Mtns	had this as part of series. tried doing as lvl 37 lock, w/ little success. Kind of upset w/ the experience gap as the last quest (gol'dir) was pretty easy to solo at 35 even. my advice is wait for friends or wait till u level a bit more. [b]*edit[/b] (was able to solo at lvl 38) Took out all the spys / enforcers around the house. (There's a chest behind the house on the NW corner) and pull the mobs 1 by 1 from the first floor of the house (2 humans and 1 [i]really fast swinging[/i] lvl 40 orc) And then take out the 2 mobs on the 2nd floor. Lord pontaloon is in the separate room 2nd floor. My pet died once.
/?quest=544	Prison Break In	34	30	Horde	3350 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find the traitors and recover their artifacts, then return to Magus Voidglare in Tarren Mill. Bloodstone Wedge Bloodstone Marble Bloodstone Shard Bloodstone Oval	Did you find the thieves? And more importantly, did you find what they stole?	Magus Wordeen Voidglare	Magus Wordeen Voidglare	This can be done at Lordamere Internment Camp (21,83). This should be done together with [32] Stone Tokens since you'll be killing a lot of those Dalaran Shield Guards and Theurgists. Ricter who drops the Bloodstone Marble can be found at 19,84. Alina who drops the Bloodstone Shard can be found at 20,86. Dermot who drops the Bloodstone Wedge can be found at 19,85. Kegan Darkmar who drops the Bloodstone Oval can be found at 17,83.	3 of the 4 npcs you need to kill are at the internment camp. The 4th one is in the next door building at 17,83. If you're in the area, you might as well do Stone Tokens as well. (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=556)	THE COORDS ARE 20,85 ON THE ALTERAC MOUTAINS MAP! 3 OF THEM ARE IN 1 ONCE THE OTHER&nbsp 1 IS IN THE OTHER HOUSE! KILL THE YELLOW GUS! THE ONES THAT WONT ATTACK YOU!	17,83 top room in second house watch out for guard	Soloed as 31-1/2 hunter (levelled mid-way through the quest).&nbsp As previous poster said, trick with with shield guard is to stop meleeing while their red shield is up.&nbsp As a hunter, you can keep shooting at them though, just put your pet on Stay while the shield is up.&nbsp With this strategy, I was able to take two on at a time. The last NPC for quest was level 35.&nbsp The mob guarding was harder than the quest NPC (fortunately, the quest NPCs are not auto-aggro).&nbsp The guarding mob was a spellcaster that would sheep me.&nbsp If you're a hunter, keep your pet healed so that they can keep the attack on while sheeped. The three quest NPCs will run earlier than most mobs (i.e., they have more health than usual when they decide to run away).&nbsp This can be a pain if they run and bring friends, so have a strategy in mind to keep them running too far.
/?quest=563	Reassignment	32	25	Alliance	3200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Deliver Farren's report to Major Samuelson in Stormwind Keep. Farren's Report Provided Item: Farren's Report	Greetings, citizen. May the Stormwind city guard be of assistance?	Lieutenant Farren Orinelle	Major Samuelson	found the Major at loc 72,15 in the Keep proper	Stormwind Keep 72,15	No rep? How disappointing :(	Samuelson is in Stormwind Keep at 73,16	This quest gives 3350XP after 2.3 patch
/?quest=555	Soothing Turtle Bisque	31	28	Alliance	2500 XP | Item: Recipe: Soothing Turtle Bisque | Item: Soothing Turtle Bisque 3	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring 10 pieces of Turtle Meat and some Soothing Spices to Chef Jessen in Southshore. Turtle Meat (10) Soothing Spices	Any luck finding the ingredients? I'll tell you, this territory isn't the peaceful place it once was. Ah, if only this unrest never occurred...	Chef Jessen	Chef Jessen	LVL 34, 2500 XP Turtles spawn on the river E of Southshore. They spawn from next to the town to all the way up past Tarren Mill. I got meat off of lvl 30 and 31 turtles. I would estimate that I killed about 25 to get 10 meat. The soothing spices can be purchased from the trade supplier in the big building N of the inn and across the street (last bldg before griffons)	This quest is for the Alliance faction only. Horde players will have to follow this quest: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=7321	You can get Soothing Spices in Southshore. 48, 55 from Micha Yance	1500 XP at level 38, when the quest is green.	You can get Soothing Spices in Southshore. [b]48, 55[/b] from [b]Micha Yance[/b]
/?quest=546	Souvenirs of Death	25	20	Horde	2550 XP | Item: Skull Ring	Eastern Kingdoms	Deathguard Samsa of Tarren Mill wants 30 Hillsbrad Human Skulls. Hillsbrad Human Skull (30)	So the lucky <name> returns? How many humans have you slaughtered today? Hundreds I do hope!Have you any skulls for me?	Deathguard Samsa	Deathguard Samsa	This quest is one of the most infamous 'collect x' quests in the game, I think. Anyone who does this quest will discover that the humans of Hillsbrad are strange, mutant beings, of which, relatively few have skulls. Maybe a quarter of them have skulls, but that's about it.	This quest is not available until you complete the first 'Battle of Hillsbrad' quest.	You have to complete the first [url=https://classicdb.ch/quest=567&view=Flat]Battle of Hillsbrad[/url] quest, which you receive from [url=https://classicdb.ch/npc=90966]High Executor Darthalia[/url] in Tarren Mill.	Definitely a better drop rate by Durnholde Keep. Finished in about 45 minutes if that. Very easy for a level 23 Rog. Happy Questing =]	looked here on thottbot to see if they dropped them also, they list them dropping it. so off to durnholde keep to test it... first kill of a level 21. Human Skull. much easier to kill/pull than the hillsbrad humans at times. but if you do the whole string of quests you should get the skulls also. but i'll get them the ring at 25 easy.
/?quest=556	Stone Tokens	32	30	Horde	2550 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring 10 Worn Stone Tokens to Keeper Bel'varil in Tarren Mill. Worn Stone Token (10)	Do you have the Worn Stone Tokens, <name>? The Magus is eager to unlock their secrets.	Keeper Bel'varil	Keeper Bel'varil	I'm a rogue and have never had a problem killing things several levels higher if I can get them alone. When I first encountered these shield guards almost every fight ended in me nearly dead until I realized that the red shield hurts you for about 85 dmg everytime you land a hit. Good thing is they stop attacking too. So for rogues, whenever you see the red shield pop up just stop attacking and let your energy regen, once you find this out these guys are easy.	This is easily the most ANNOYING quest ever for me as a rogue. Casters, you have no idea. I even just created an account at thottbot just to report of this totally @$%ed up quest. First of all, there are only a few of them that actually aren't linked, but rest assured, with their totally insane aggro range, the shield guards patrolling the area will easily spot you and come to aid immiedatly. Secondly, the Red Shield they do makes you take damage by hitting them. 85 damage per melee hit I do, which is a sick amount for a rogue considering it takes me like half a sec (in the time I get in 2-3 attacks, taking 250 damage) before I get to react and turn around, whilst I make another hit and take even more damage. I run away 20y or something, start bandaging or whatever, the shield stops and he comes running towards me, voila I descide to engage him again, but OF course the second I touch&nbsp him again (doing rougly 3 hits straight up) he turns red again and my health starts to fall. Finally when they are down to 10-15% or so they start running, of course in the direction of his fellow teammates. But no worries, he can STILL put up the red shield while trying to escape and if you are really unlucky (like me) he will aggro them at the same time as he will put on a red shield. Now the only choice I have is to either escape or kill it and die. Running away is futile since you will be low on health anyway allready and with the daze performed by 3 it would be a mircale to survive without vanish. I have met mobs who have performed that shield 8 times in the same fight, not letting me touch it ONCE before turning it back on, literarly I have hit myself to death from 100% to 0% health. Add to this that I have found 2 Tokens in about 40 kills and that the only reason I continue this quest is cause I dont want a &*!@ing game to beat me, no way. Big gratz to constantly come up with new ways to piss me off!	Stone tokens are north of yeti cave, then find the big blue bubble that is dalaran. There is an outpost near there with sheild guards only in it and around it. They drop the tokens. I'll edit and give location in a minute.	22,15 on HillsBrad Foothills by the big Purple Globe....	The drop rate of the Stone Tokens is not as good as some of the other quests available from Taren Mills in Dalaran area, so here are some good ones to get and take with you while obtaining the tokens. Prison Break (1 of 2 in series) and Dalaran Patrols (2 of 2 in series). It helps to just go back to TM to cash on the first one and go back a second time for the rest of the tokens while slaying what you need, and then again a third time for the bracers in part 2 of this quest. Also, while traveling along the way, there are a lot of spiders and bears.. By level 35 you can get fairly close to them with out them bothering you, the other route of travel may be less populated with monsters and the other faction (for PvP). Right before reaching the Yeti Cave, head north up the mountain and head through the Alterac Mountains westward along the edge. There are fewer monsters to avoid and it is equally as fast.
/?quest=562	Stormwind Ho!	32	25	Alliance	1950 XP | Item: Fish Gutter	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 10 Daggerspine Shorehunters and 10 Daggerspine Sirens for Lieutenant Farren Orinelle in Southshore. Daggerspine Shorehunter slain (10) Daggerspine Siren slain (10)	I've a letter ready to go to Major Samuelson in Stormwind. All I need are the results.	Lieutenant Farren Orinelle	Lieutenant Farren Orinelle	u can find them about 59,72	Yep. To the south of Southshore on the right side, is the Western Strand with a whole bunch of Murlocs. Across from there, on the left side as you come out of the south of Southshore, is the Eastern Strand, which is full of Naga.	Those guys are way easier than the murlocs in the previous quest... If you soloed the last quest (Like I did), you should have no problem doing so with this.	Stormwind Ho (Quest) tloc 56,71	You guys are life savers, they need to put more detail into the Quests description.
/?quest=508	Taretha's Gift	40	29	Both	3900 XP | Pick: [Mantis Boots, Brigand's Pauldrons]	Eastern Kingdoms	Return Taretha's pendant to Krusk in Tarren Mill. Taretha's Necklace Provided Item: Taretha's Necklace	You've returned, <name>. Success to report?	Elysa	Krusk	It sure is a good thing they added strength & agility to those boots for when I melee mobs as a mage. You would think they would stop doing that by level 30. =/	If you're wondering wtf the necklace is: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=10283 http://www.wowwiki.com/Taretha_Foxton	Brings back some good memories from reading 'Lord of the Clans'.	Nice little questline lorewise	when i found it at the office at school on the ground (i dunno how it end up there, probably some idiot droped it)i wasn't expecting too much, when i start reading it, its actually quite a good story game's background story can be great too. just because its a story that comes from a video game doesn't mean it sucks.
/?quest=518	The Crown of Will	39 Group	34	Horde	2250 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 10 Crushridge Maulers for Melisara in Tarren Mill. Crushridge Mauler slain (10)	I note that your task is unfinished, <name>. Shall I inform Sharlindra of your ineptitude?	Melisara	Melisara	Around 41,46 :)	These guys are no longer elites. Soloing isn't an issue any more.	Just follow the road north of Tarren Mill and you'll run right into the elites with no opposition beforehand. If you single them out, it is easy pickings. Solo'd as a 38 druid.	The coordinates are incorrect. The Maulers are located at 44, 48. They are not elite. The only difficult thing about them is their stun ability...which is extremely annoying. You can complete Frostmaw also while you're there. Just make sure to watch out for the mages if you are heading there a little underlevelled.	They are on 47.47 Did priest 38 lvl alone... wery long :P
/?quest=519	The Crown of Will	41 Group	34	Horde	3300 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Targ, Muckrake, and Glommus and bring their heads to Melisara in Tarren Mill. Targ's Head Muckrake's Head Glommus's Head	I want their heads, <name>, not excuses.	Melisara	Melisara	[i](all locations are in reference to their Human building counterparts)[/i] [b]Targ's Head:[/b] - inside the Ogre Church to the right of the Ogre Townhall [b]Muckrake's Head:[/b] - Ogre Townhall [b]Glommus's Head:[/b] - Outside Ogre Townhall or inside small house on Ogre Townhall's left	Muckrake - 39,47 - in townhall (bldg with clock on it) Targ - 40,53 - south of townhall in church Glommus - 39,42 - in small one room house north of townhall al bosses are by themselves in bldg	Ok...i dont think thottbot is for explaining 'Oh im this level and it wasnt hard'. I'm pretty sure the majority of users come to find WHERE TO GO for the quests they look up.	As you face the Town Hall - the small house is to the right and below you and the Church is to the left and slightly behind you. Targ Church 40,42 Muckrake Small House 39,47 Muckrake Town Hall 39,47 All are on their own - Targ is the hardest - remember they are ELITE and you will be OK	Muckrake 38,47 Gloomus 39,42 Targ 39,51
/?quest=520	The Crown of Will	43 Group	34	Horde	4450 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Mug'Thol, and return his head with the Crown of Will to Melisara in Tarren Mill. Mug'thol's Head Crown of Will	Three heads I have, a fourth I need. It will be Mug'Thol's, or it will be yours, <name>. That I promise.	Melisara	Melisara	In the castle like building at 35,54. You'll need to make your way up to the uppermost level.	3rd floor	Coords 36,54 - he is on the first floor. Soloed him as a lvl42 rogue - it wasnt easy, but did it in the first try though. and yes u can pull him, whitout pulling his guards.	solo'ed as lvl 40 combat Rogue. (lots of blues enchants and 2 epics) Had to pot and use cooldowns. FUNNY NOTE PICKPOCKETING HIM: money Exotic Cook Book 'How to Serve Man.' Reads: 1. Get one or eight men. 2. Hit man hard. 3. Hit man more. 4. Put man on fire. 5. Eat man. LOL :P	I had to solo him cause no one would help me.&nbsp Basically what I did was dismiss my pet and basically make a suicide run as fast as I could up to his chamber.&nbsp I used Aspect of Monkey so that I could dodge as much as I can.&nbsp Then, while I had a huge freakin mob of angry Ogres right behind me, I went to the corner with the chest (which is right behind Mug'Thol) and Feign Death.&nbsp Wait for everyone to go back about their business and then pop up again.&nbsp You can stand on the chest and not aggro anyone.&nbsp Use this time to replenish you health.&nbsp As soon as to call for you pet or drop a trap, it will aggro him.&nbsp So I suggest trap then pet.&nbsp Do whatever you need to get the aggro on your pet.&nbsp Disengage works well, but my pet used growl and that worked fine.&nbsp Then run to the other corner and let loose with arrows.&nbsp You should have just enough room to use ranged shots.&nbsp Aim Shot whenever you can, but just be careful not to pull the aggro.&nbsp After that he is cake.&nbsp The other two gaurds won't even touch you unless you move past the table.&nbsp Now the tricky part is trying to get out.&nbsp I tried a suicide run out the front door but got nailed just outside.&nbsp So I suggest a suicide run to the roof and then jump off.&nbsp You should be able to survive it and it will take a while for the Ogres to make their way downstairs.&nbsp Now just run your ass off till they stop following.&nbsp Or Feign Death.&nbsp I just try not to use it unless I really need it.
/?quest=521	The Crown of Will	43	34	Horde	3600 XP | Item: Ethereal Talisman	Eastern Kingdoms	Deliver the Crown of Will to Sharlindra in the Undercity. Crown of Will Provided Item: Crown of Will	Yes? Do you have something to report?	Melisara	Sharlindra	I have to say that this reward for the quest chain wasn't that great.	she can be found in the Royal Quaters at 57,93	Sharlindra is located in the Throne Room with Sylvanas.	Actually, she's in the Royal Quarters, right beside Lady Sylvanna.	Sharlindra is in the Apothecarium in UC
/?quest=676	The Hammer May Fall	32	30	Horde	2550 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 8 Boulderfist Ogres and 10 Boulderfist Enforcers, then find Drum Fel in the Hammerfall outpost in Arathi Highlands. Boulderfist Ogre slain (8) Boulderfist Enforcer slain (10)	I have not the time to sharpen my axe, let alone leave the outpost to slay those beasts that would try and slay my kin.You do not seem to have the experience of a grunt let alone a full-fledged warrior, what do you want, <name>?	Tallow	Drum Fel	[b]Where is it[/b]: Arathi Highlands (SE of TM - follow the road) [b] Cosmos [/b] Level: 32 [b]Creep Level [/b] : Ogres are 32-33, Enforcers are 33-34 [b]Located at [/b]: Ogres are anywhere from 31, 48 to 35, 44, which is North (and a little East) of Stromguard. Enforcers are inside the cave at 35, 44 [b] Creep XP [/b]: About 230 (for a level 32 mage, with normal rest) [b] Quest Completion [/b]: 2550 XP, and 30 silver. [b]Creep Drops [/b]: About 1 silver, and 30 copper per ogre. [u]Good farming for tailors[/u], since I had a pretty constant drop of silk and wool [b]Tips[/b] : - When they become enraged, they double their damage (from about 45 per hit, to about 100 per hit), but become much slower. Even a few steps back will buy you a few seconds more. - I noticed that they had a fairly decent aggro range, so its best if you cleared the area instead of sneaking by them. - Ogres are based along the road, and just North of Strom. The road is used often by both horde and alliance, but I noticed more alliance than horde. Some folks also wait for their group on the road outside Strom, [i]so you might get picked off if you're on a pvp server [/i]. Its best to try and stay infront of the cave. - [b] Really good area for Herbologists. [/b] Noticed an assortment of plants =) [b] Finish: [/b] Cash it at Hammerfall with a guy called 'Drum Fel' on the upperdeck, near the inn, at 74, 33 [b]Time: [/b] Took me about 40 minutes as a 32 mage, but I died twice, and did some pvp fighting. Enjoy =)! [b]- Sorc from Frostmourne[/b]	Where is it: Arathi Highlands (SE of TM - follow the road) Cosmos Level: 32 Creep Level : Ogres are 32-33, Enforcers are 33-34 Located at : Ogres are anywhere from 31, 48 to 35, 44, which is North (and a little East) of Stromguard. Enforcers are inside the cave at 35, 44 Creep XP : About 230 (for a level 32 mage, with normal rest) Quest Completion : 2550 XP, and 30 silver. Creep Drops : About 1 silver, and 30 copper per ogre. Good farming for tailors, since I had a pretty constant drop of silk and wool Tips : - When they become enraged, they double their damage (from about 45 per hit, to about 100 per hit), but become much slower. Even a few steps back will buy you a few seconds more. - I noticed that they had a fairly decent aggro range, so its best if you cleared the area instead of sneaking by them. - Ogres are based along the road, and just North of Strom. The road is used often by both horde and alliance, but I noticed more alliance than horde. Some folks also wait for their group on the road outside Strom, so you might get picked off if you're on a pvp server . Its best to try and stay infront of the cave. - Really good area for Herbologists. Noticed an assortment of plants =) Finish: Cash it at Hammerfall with a guy called 'Drum Fel' on the upperdeck, near the inn, at 74, 33 Time: Took me about 40 minutes as a 32 mage, but I died twice, and did some pvp fighting. Enjoy =)! - Source from Frostmourne btw location is 34,44	WHO:&nbsp 31 shadow spec ud priest WHERE: 36,43&nbsp Boulderfist Outpost NOTE:&nbsp Remember: as a priest DISTANCE is your friend.&nbsp Start clearing outside the mine entrance.&nbsp The ogres (need 8) are all roaming around the outside.&nbsp The enforcers (need 10) are all inside the mine.&nbsp Most of the enforcers are 34 but u can find some 33 inside or as respawns. As a low level the trick is to get the enforcers one at a time.&nbsp You clear the outside (2-3 ogres sitting around) so that you can hit one of the enforcers and drag him out a bit so you don't have to worry about any addons.&nbsp Basically you take care of the ogre requirements and provide a safe area to clear out enforcers. An awesome strategy that I found was that when the ogres or enforcers become enraged (their fists will start glowing red) is to run back a bit and start attacking from far away again.&nbsp When the ogres/enforcers become enraged their walking speed is reduced to about 50% it seems.&nbsp This makes it ridiculously ez to kill them as long as you don't get any adds.&nbsp Also you get minimal damage should be unable to shield.	The ogres are outside the mine. The enforcers are INSIDE the mine. Be carefull cause they pop REALLY fast	The Ogres you need to kill are at this loc: 34,44. It's the same loc for the Enforcers. But the Enforcers are in a cave. Once you kill these guys head east then northeast. While on the path be watchful for Humans. There is a pack of 3 wandering the roads. The primary one is the one on the mount, he's a 38 Elite. My results: You gain 2550 experience. Your reputation with Darkspear Trolls has increased. Received 30 Silver.
/?quest=498	The Rescue	22	17	Horde	2200 XP | Pick: [Grunt Vest, Orcish War Chain] | Item: Recipe: Big Bear Steak	Eastern Kingdoms	Krusk in Tarren Mill needs you to free Drull and Tog'thar from Durnholde Keep. Rescue Drull [ Opening ]	You must make haste, <class>. I shudder to think what the humans might be doing to Drull and Tog'thar.	Krusk	Krusk	The premise of this quest is simple. Free two orcs from imprisonment. To complete this task, you must find four key personnel. [ul] [li][url=https://classicdb.ch/?npc=2239]Drull[/url], an Orc that you need to free.[/li] [li][url=https://classicdb.ch/?npc=2238]Tog'thar[/url], another Orc that you need to free.[/li] [li][url=https://classicdb.ch/?npc=2427]Jailor Eston[/url], drops the necessary [url=https://classicdb.ch/?item=3467]Dull Iron Key[/url], used to free Drull.[/li] [li][url=https://classicdb.ch/?npc=2428]Jailor Marlgen[/url], drops the necessary [url=https://classicdb.ch/?item=3499]Burnished Gold Key[/url], used to free Tog'thar.[/li] [/ul] First, a note on freeing the Orcs. On occasion, using the key on the [url=https://classicdb.ch/?object=1722]Locked Ball and Chain[/url] will produce a 'Failure!' message. If this happens, don't worry. Just keep using it. It appears that the mechanic emulates the lockpicking mechanic, so this is pretty much expected. I cannot confirm that these can be lockpicked, but others on this page claim it can be, at ~100 skill. I would also reccomend going to Tog'thar first, as one of the spawns for Jailor Eston is nearby, and dropping down to Drull when the jailor is up near Tog'thar achives little more than a need to slaughter your way back up. Not that a slaughter is a bad thing, mind you. The Orcs are static spawns. The Jailors, however, have been switched to dynamic spawns. Each have a set of potential spots in which they may spawn. WoWHead claims three, but I've only seen them each at two. I slaughtered the poor fellows for a good hour, so I feel that these two are accurate. [b]Finding Drull:[/b] To find Drull, enter Durnholde Keep from the South. There will be a bridge in front of you. Jump the wall, right on the left side of the bridge. Be careful, however, as there are a few (Usually one or two, more if you have a pet and forget to dismiss it, as it will take the long way and bring some company.) mobs that likely will aggro when you do so. Face West, and directly ahead of you there should be two buildings. The closest one (which runs East to West, not North to South like the furthest one.) is your building of interest. Inside, at the far end, is Drull. Sometimes there's a [url=https://classicdb.ch/?object=2850]Solid Chest[/url] next to him, too. [b]From Drull to Tog'thar:[/b] To arrive at Tog'thar from Drull, exit the building that contains Drull via the doorway furthest from him, on the northern face of the building. Face East from the steps. Fight your way East, and under the bridge. Once you have passed under the bridge, follow the Northern wall until you come to a pair of steps leading up the wall. Take these steps. Once you reach the top, face Northwest, and you should see a road. Go to the road and travel along it to the South. You will eventually reach a 'T'-Style intersection. Read on in the 'Finding Tog'thar' section directly below from said intersection to find Tog'thar. [b] Finding Tog'thar:[/b] To find Tog'thar, again enter Durnholde Keep from the South. This time cross the bridge and immediately turn to the East. Fight your way along this path until you reach a 'T'-Style intersection. One path will head West and up, the other will head North, and slightly down. Take the Western path. A very short distance up this path, you will encounter the gate to the Keep itself, which is now destroyed. Fight your way through the arch. Tog'thar should be 25-30 yards north of you, easily visible. As mentioned previously, finding the Orcs is good and all, but it's rather moot if you have no way to free them. Both of the jailors appear to have a spot very close to the Orc they're holding captive, and one that takes a bit of searching. Both are listed here. [b]Finding Jailor Esten:[/b][ol] [li]Right in front of Drull. Just find Drull, and he'll be ~5 yards away.[/li] [li]Traverse to Tog'thar. Right before you reach the entrance to the Keep itself, there will be a small group of Syndicate henchmen near some trees. He can sometimes be found there.[/li] [/ol] [b]Finding Jailor Marlgen:[/b][ol] [li]Follow the directions to Tog'thar. However, once you reach the entrance to the Keep, do not enter, but continue along the path past the keep. Fight your way until you reach a defunct tower. He can often be found right in front of it.[/li] [li]Reach Tog'thar. When you pass thru the arch, he'll be right in front of you, slightly off to your right.[/li] [/ol] Congratulations! You've just committed a jailbreak! Revel in your self-worth and value to the Horde! On an added note, while you're here you can complete the following quests as well: [ul] [li][url=https://classicdb.ch/?quest=549]WANTED: Syndicate Personnel[/url][/li] [li][url=https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1066]Blood of Innocents[/url][/li] [/ul] ::EDIT:: Talk about feeling like an idiot -- I've fixed the West<->East mixup. Let's blame my parents for teaching me left was right, and right was left. Yeah. It's their fault (29-07-08). I've also updated this for the jailor's dynamic spawns (29-07-08). ...And touched it up, made it less confusing (29-07-08).	Cordinates are: Tog'thar: 80,40 Drull: 75,42 Jailors will spawn around him usually, but sometimes a bit away, like on the road up to the prisoner or simmilar. Look around, they are there, level 24 Humanoids :)	Drull is in the lower area, left hand side, in the first of the broken buildings. Tog'thar is in the keep up the hill. To free them, kill their jailor, and once you have looted the key, right click on the ball and chain to use it.	What I did to complete the quest: I went up the hill to the 2nd level of the Keep and found Jailer Eston at the first turn in the road. Tried to kill but at 50% or so he MCed me and pulled me to him. Next attempt was the same. Third attempt I counterspelled, killed and looted the Dull key. No prisoner in sight. Forging ahead up the hill I found Margren (or whatever the 2nd jailer's name is) and got the gold key. He was right next to one of the prisoners. I failed the first attempt to open the ball and chain but was successful the 2nd time. Went to the edge of the upper level and moved my cursor over all the huts in the lower level until I located my prisoner. Hopped down from the edge (rather than clearing to the hut from the ramp on the south side), killed the several NPCs in the general area and found Jailer Eston again, this time standing next to my 2nd prisoner. Killed him again, used the Dull key I'd found earlier, failed again on the ball/chain, tried again, was successful. Note: If you do the cursor/hop down method and want to clear back out rather than hearthing, the ramp to get out is on the south side of the lower level. Tip 1: Eston does move around. If you kill him and don't find the prisoner, keep looking. The dull key is for the prisoner on the lower level. The gold key is for the prisoner on the upper level. Tip 2: To deal with the mind control issue with both jailers, I used counterspell. I don't know how other classes would handle this. Tip 3: Get the 2 quests to kill the syndicate mages (for innocents' blood) and the syndicate rogues/watchmen. Completing 3 quests makes it much more worthwhile. Tip 4: It's possible to 'fail' when you right click on the ball/chain attached to their legs, even if you have the proper key(s). If it says failed, just try it again until it's successful. Tip 5: This is soloable. There are no 3-man pulls, at most there are 2-man pulls. There are no elites. The jailers were regular level 24 NPCs for me. Tip 6: Have fun! It's just a game.&nbsp :P	Drull is at 75, 41 For me: Jailor Easton was at 79, 41 (He has multiple spawn points so he may not be here) and before I got back to Drull he had respawned next to him. Tog'thar is at 79, 39 For me: Jailor Marlgen was at 79, 40 (May have multiple spawn points as well)
/?quest=494	Time To Strike	20	19	Horde	625 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Travel to Tarren Mill to deliver Deathstalker Lesh's message to High Executor Darthalia.	N/A	Deathstalker Lesh	High Executor Darthalia	62.20	i would suggest to get this quest since some of hillsbrad quests skip 1-3 levels so u end up doing orange or red quests	Dose this quest lead to another?	N/A	N/A
/?quest=566	WANTED: Baron Vardus	40	35	Horde	3500 XP | Item: Inferno Robe (1.4)	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Baron Vardus and deliver his head to High Executor Darthalia in Tarren Mill. Head of Baron Vardus	Ah, <name>. Perhaps you've come to collect the bounty on the head of Baron Vardus?	WANTED	High Executor Darthalia	I found him just East of Lordamere Lake, East of the farm house in a small encampment with 2 tents and a bunch of Syndicate.&nbsp There are two other camps there too.&nbsp So if you can't find him in the tavern basement check the 3 camps NW of the town.	He is located in 4 different places. Check this out to see the places: https://classicdb.ch/?npc=2306	i found him in the Strahnbrad Inn downstairs behind the Kegs. 60,42	He usually spawns in those camps, but sometimes he shows up next to Strahnbrad. Had that happen last night. If you are doing this solo, be VERY careful when looking through the camps. You can look from a distance, but be aware of the many patrolling mobs. Syndicate Sentries and Mountain Lions here have both long patrol routes and large aggro ranges. It's easy to wind up fighting anywhere from two to six mobs if you aren't careful.	I found him easily at 59, 32, in between two tents surrounded by 38's.&nbsp Killed him as 38 rogue..stealthed in, attacked him only, healed, grabbed his head, and vanished...the others never had a chance!
/?quest=549	WANTED: Syndicate Personnel	22	17	Horde	1750 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 10 Syndicate Rogues and 10 Syndicate Watchmen. Return to High Executor Darthalia in Tarren Mill for your reward. Syndicate Rogue slain (10) Syndicate Watchman slain (10)	Do you have nothing better to do than stand here before me, <class>? As High Executor, I have more pressing matters than to stare at your rotting visage.	WANTED	High Executor Darthalia	tloc 77,46...entrance to the 'castle' where these mobs r	at 66,47 along the road just before durnhold, there is a broken tower with some syndicates around it. kill some rogues here as the rogue spawn rate inside the keep is poor.	65,47 - the little castle icon on the map south east of the bridge - at least there's a few there. The other coords have more mobs.	Get the quest from the wanted poster outside of the chapel in Taren Mill. Not in Ratchet.	There is a Watchpost around (67,45) with some Syndicate Watchman, Syndicate Rogue and Syndicate Mage, but if you want you can go to Durnholde Keep which the entrance is located at (76,46) and you'll see a LOT of Syndicate Watchman and some rogue and you can also complete other quest like the quest: [[ The Rescue ]] at the same time!
