# Quest Data for Eastern Kingdoms - Wetlands
# Generated: 2025-08-18 16:41:35
# Total quests: 40
# Comment scrape timestamp: 2025-08-18 17:32:36

Quest Extension	Name	Level	Required Level	Faction	Rewards	Category	Instructions	Progress	Start	End	Comment1	Comment2	Comment3	Comment4	Comment5
/?quest=304	A Grim Task	34 Group	26	Both	3350 XP | Pick: [Gold Lion Shield, Tranquil Ring]	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Balgaras the Foul and bring his ear to Longbraid the Grim outside of Dun Modr. Ear of Balgaras	Were you able to locate Balgaras the Foul yet, <class>? He has been evading us for quite some time.	Longbraid the Grim	Longbraid the Grim	I've seen Balgaras in three different places: the second building on both the right and left of Dun Modr as you walk in, and at Direforge Hill, which is along the mountains southeast of Dun Modr.	I think they must have moved him. I've had 3 people SWEAR he was in the town looking place in the north, but after spending well over an hour there I never saw him. When I went to the eastern camps he was there. No fuss, no muss, no waiting.	Those of you who rely on shadow (warlocks, shadow priests), make sure you don't waste your time with shadow spells 'cause he's immune.	He spawn at camps on East and in Dun Mord. Where he is spawned u can find blue Minion. If you see Minion u found exact location of the mage you have to cut ear off.	61,27
/?quest=471	Apprentice's Duties	26	18	Both	2100 XP | Pick: [Malleable Chain Leggings, Resilient Poncho] | Item: Recipe: Crocolisk Gumbo	Eastern Kingdoms	Collect 6 Giant Crocolisk Skins and bring them to James Halloran in Menethil Harbor. Giant Crocolisk Skin (6)	My apprentice is like a son to me. It's going to be hard for him to live his life with only one leg.Ah, <name>, how goes it? Do you have my skins?	James Halloran	James Halloran	Between 22,20-28,20	&nbsp You have to go for the GIANT croc's , not the young ones. &nbsp Right across from the raptors, towards the coast, you will see an Ole WIndmill..On the coast,&nbsp there you will find the GIANT crocs. They are everywhere, and everyone of them dropped. &nbsp Easy XP and I wanted the recipe :)	Yes - between 26,22 and the coast - and I received 100% drop rate.	Look to the Sundown Marsh and the Saltspray Glen in the north of the Wetlands. For me they dropped the skins one after the other. Happy Hunting!	along the west bank of the lake beside menethil is good...
/?quest=275	Blisters on The Land	26	20	Both	2650 XP | Pick: [Fen Keeper Robe, Forest Chain, Phytoblade]	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 8 Fen Creepers, then return to Rethiel the Greenwarden in the Wetlands. Fen Creeper slain (8)	The Wetlands still weep, and the Fen Creepers still rage. Return to me when your task is done.	Rethiel the Greenwarden	Rethiel the Greenwarden	Since these things are invisible, thought I would help give some of the locations of the Fen Creepers that I found. If you have Cosmos you can use these coordinates. (20,28), (20,24), (48,37), (47,32) (46,34),(47,36), (54,37), (56,46), (55,46), (51,32), (37,33). Hope this helps and good luck hunting.	55,46 55,37 53,36 51,32 48,37 47,35 46,34 Simple! :)	The place around broken molen (Sundown Marsh, loc 20,30) has good chance for some Fen Creepers. In the east (Ironbeard's Tomb) is too dangerous with another visible enemies, west place is more safe with only crocolisks's.	just type a macro /target den creeper and run across waterways hitting macro. sure it will save you much time :)	I just did this quest today, and these Fen Creepers are found in the water channels of the Wetlands between The Sundown Marsh (where murlocs/giant crocolisks are) and The Green Belt (the area with the Greenwarden and eastward). I found the greater number of these in the shallow pool areas of the water channels.
/?quest=279	Claws from the Deep	22	20	Both	1750 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 12 Bluegill Murlocs. Slay Gobbler and take his head. Bring Gobbler's Head to Karl Boran in Menethil Harbor. Bluegill Murloc slain (12) Gobbler's Head	Our merchants will not be safe until we are rid of Gobbler and those Murlocs.	Karl Boran	Karl Boran	He resspawns att 16,39 exactly .. have killed him twice now.. //Dennis �	They are just outside Menethil in the Bluegill Marsh. Found Gobbler at 15,41 and the Murlocs are all around him.	He must move around a bit - working on my Mage alt I found him at 17,41	For quests like this, dont forget about /target. For example, a macro with '/target Gobbler' will target him as soon as you get within range.	Use '/target gobbler' i had the coords u all told me but in the end one of the games devices found him. blizzard done this right for once.
/?quest=293	Cleansing the Eye	30	22	Both	2450 XP | Item: Eye of Paleth (1.4)	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring Archbishop Benedictus the Cursed Eye of Paleth. Benedictus is in the Cathedral of Light, in the city of Stormwind. Cursed Eye of Paleth Provided Item: Cursed Eye of Paleth	What is that orb you have? It looks...soiled.	Glorin Steelbrow	Archbishop Benedictus	he is in Stormwind City, hes in the Cathedral of light in Cathedral Square 39,27	Everyone who posts that they did this quest so easily, or that they soloed the quest at such a low unbelievable level is probably not telling the whole truth.&nbsp That being said, even the hardest quest can be made [i]easier[/i] by scanning these forums and picking up the tips and hints from other users.&nbsp In the end, don't brag that you did a quest '[b]So Easily[/b]', instead, post your methods, tips and hints so that others can revel in your genius.	Archbishop Benedictus is in Stormwind Cathedral coords 39,27	You just head to SW for this part and go to Cathedral of Light, hes by the walking Alter Boy in there.	Seems odd that the quest ended here... I thought you would actually do something with the eye.
/?quest=469	Daily Delivery	21	18	Both	825 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Deliver the Bundle of Crocolisk Skins to James Halloran, the tanner, in Menethil Harbor. Bundle of Crocolisk Skins Provided Item: Bundle of Crocolisk Skins	Hello there, <class>. Could I interest you in a pair of boots? Perhaps some newly cured skins?	Einar Stonegrip	James Halloran	Quest is in Menethil Harbor Start: 49,39 End:&nbsp 8,55	Dude above me is Right with locations:)	It says attain at 14. I'm lvl 17 and can't get the quest.......	No killing at all, just carry a package to Menethil Harbor.	This quest is easy. All you do is kill a few young crockolisks and your done.
/?quest=474	Defeat Nek'rosh	32 Group	23	Both	2550 XP | Pick: [Ancient War Sword, Barreling Reaper]	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill Chieftain Nek'rosh Bring Nek'rosh's Head to Captain Stoutfist. Nek'rosh's Head	Have you killed Nek'rosh?	Dragonmaw Catapult	Captain Stoutfist	He's standing at a ring of tents which have level 28 and 29 non-elites. You can sneak up the hill behind him from the road (near a tree guarded by a level 21 slime) and avoid having to clear to him through the camp. There are a couple mobs near him you can pull solo. Depending on your pull timing and clearing you can get Nek'rosh with two, one, or none of the other mobs at the camp. If you can't use either of the rewards (2h sword or 1h axe) the sword sells for more.	He is at 54,56	Hes at 53.54	There is a 'backdoor' to Nek'rosh, just go to 55,56 (coming from the street) and climb/go up the ridge. You will just stand at the back of his camp and direct back of Nek'rosh. It's possible to pull him alone or when you a bit unlucky with a Lvl.29 Centurion (non-elite) add. However, I was NOT able to solo Nek'rosh as a Lvl.29 priest. He always took my 'bouble' (shield) down with one hit only. Needed assistants. Nek'rosh exact LOC is @ 53,54.	Just duo'd him as a 28 Hunter and 28 Warrior (both poorly equipped). Strategy: Firstly I went around the mountain to the back entrance and went around the mountain to the right (to his right) so there was just a captain between him and me, I then pulled & killed the captain. Next I marked the warlock that is linked with him (to his left), laid a freezing trap, aimed shotted Nek'rosh & jumped off behind the hill, where my warrior friend was waiting. Nek chased, got stuck in freezing trap, shadowcaster followed, we easily killed him. I then shot Nek'rosh with a concussive shot, serpent sting, & arcane shot. From here I basically set my pet on him with bite and claw on auto cast, jumpshot-fired concussive shot/serpent sting/arcane shot repeatedly and ran around in a circle the warrior hamstringed & added some more dps. When he was affected by both hamstring & concussive shot, id get some distance & fire a couple of autoshots or an aimed shot. Keys here are keeping aggro on the hunter at all times, and keeping Nek slowed. That way he spends all his time chasing after you and doing no damage, while his health is slowly whittled away.
/?quest=470	Digging Through the Ooze	24	19	Both	2400 XP | Item: Ooze-covered Bag	Eastern Kingdoms	One of the oozes at Ironbeard's Tomb has Sida's bag, retrieve it and bring it back to her in Menethil Harbor. Sida's Bag	Did you find my bag?	Sida	Sida	I have a funny story to tell about this quest. On my last server, everybody told me to AVOID this quest because it was such a pain in the neck. And it was. It took me forever to get the stupid bag. A few months later I migrated to Gnomeregan and 'started over from scratch'. I realized this morning that I hadn't done any of the Wetlands quests, and there was nobody from the guild on so I decided to load up on them and try to burn through them as fast as possible. After visiting the Greenwarden, I was on my way to assassinate some gnolls when I saw a whelp and remembered that a beloved friend of mine in the guild wanted a whelpling pet, so I spent the next four hours farming whelps. I got the bag OVER THERE. Like in the 60,40 neighbourhood. NOWHERE NEAR where the quest says to get it from. I was farming whelps when one of the larger oozes jumped on me and I killed it outta self defense and the bag dropped. I just about died laughing.	killed about 25 oozes and it dropped off a crimson ooze	Got it on 1st ooze I killed!	I found it on the hill close to Greenwarden. It's at 56,43. But I didn't find it till I killed 6 Black Oozes there.	Anyone saying anything else don't have a clue. I've done this q 4 times now, this is a random drop. First time I got it after 3 kills. Currently doing the q, and I've got over 100 kills now... :| The thing about higher drop rate behind Green Warden = bull%^&*.
/?quest=472	Fall of Dun Modr	25	25	Both	1000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Search for Longbraid near the town of Dun Modr.	N/A	Harlo Barnaby	Longbraid the Grim	The road that heads north across the wetlands will lead you to this location. When you start to enter the hills towards Arathi it will be on your left before the bridge. It is most north center part of Wetlands.	49 18 is where he is at	confirmed	Its right next to Dun Modr, once you complete that quest for 1000 xp, there are 3 more quests that you can do! Go at it! Also, the quests are Elites, so be carefull now.	Leads to quest: A Grim Task http://classicdb.ch/?quest=304
/?quest=1132	Fiora Longears	20	18	Alliance	775 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Fiora Longears in the tavern at Theramore Isle in Dustwallow Marsh.	N/A	Red Jack Flint	Fiora Longears	An NPC named Adam Lind will tell you if you are on the correct dock to Theramore.	leads to quest 'Journey to Astranaar'	Fiora Longears is in the inn at 66,45	I'm only posting this because a player on my server was confused about boat routes - there is a boat directly from Menethil to Theramore. It departs Menethil on the dock opposite from the Auberdine boat.	How do u know the coordinates?
/?quest=277	Fire Taboo	23	20	Both	1850 XP | Item: Spongy Morel 10	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring Rethiel the Greenwarden 9 Crude Flints. Crude Flint (9)	Do you have the Gnolls' tools for fire?	Rethiel the Greenwarden	Rethiel the Greenwarden	Note to self and anyone else that keeps forgetting where to turn in quest 56,40	Confirmed - 42,30 to 32, 30 has easy pulls. Many singles around the camps in this area but still a poor drop rate.	Loot - [b]Mosshide Fenrunners[/b] - [b]S/W[/b] of [b]IRONBANDS TOMB[/b] Simple :)	Did this at 26. I was killing Brutes and Trappers these were more my level but also dropped the flints and alot more often was done in like 15 min by trimming camps (taking outer ones only) Also reward is 1850 Edited, Fri Dec 24 19:36:22 2004	The Fenrunners drop significantly higher than anything I saw. I got my 9 flint off of 12 or 13 kills. I found lots of them running around by themself in the northernmost part of Mosshide Fen, but there are probably easier places to find them.
/?quest=305	In Search of The Excavation Team	24	21	Alliance	975 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Tarrel Rockweaver wants you to travel to the Excavation Site and contact Merrin Rockweaver.	N/A	Tarrel Rockweaver	Merrin Rockweaver	Wetlands 34, 41 is the entrance to the Excavation site.&nbsp You can see a ramp up the hill from here.&nbsp Take it.&nbsp Go into cave.&nbsp Talk some and go back to Menthol Harbor for reward. AT lvl 21 Mage: Got 975 xp for finding the lady. Got 490 xp for taking here note back to Menthol. Level 1 could do this quest.	Yeah, there's a lot of faulty info in this thread. Seems some people have confused East with West, or perhaps are just jerks trying to get people killed. Here's the correct info, combining the 3 correct bits of info from various posts here into one. -The entrance to the excavation site is at 34,41. -Once at the entrance, go up the ramp on the WEST side, or to your left as you enter. -Merrin is at 38,52 in a cave at the top of the ramp.&nbsp Level 22-23ish raptors may be guarding the ramp.	Found Merrin at 38.8, 52.3 in the cave at the top of the hill stay to the left .. up the hill ... as you enter the camp area had to kill one small 22 lvl raptor ....	Just uploaded a screenshot of where the quest ends. To get to the cave, head south from the road and when your screen flashes 'Discovered Whelgar Excavation Site,' look to your left (East). You should see a steep path running straight up the mountain. Follow that path up -- kill the raptor that gets in your way -- and cross a small bridge and the cave you need to get to should be right in front of you. Also, in front of the cave is another dwarf who will give you the quest 'Ormer's Revenge' (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=294).	i tried the coordinates that u guys posted, and all of then were incorrect, except for the one telling u where the excavation starts. merrin is at 38, 52. u need to go up a ramp on the western part of the site.
/?quest=306	In Search of The Excavation Team	24	21	Alliance	490 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Return to Tarrel Rockweaver with Merrin's note. Merrin's Letter Provided Item: Merrin's Letter	Were you able to find Merrin? Did she send word?	Merrin Rockweaver	Tarrel Rockweaver	Merrin, I just delivered your plea for help to your husband. His reaction was less than enthusiastic. Despite the fact that he's about less than a mile from where you are being forced to live out your existence in a cave surrounded by hungry reptiles, he doesn't seem to be moving rapidly to your rescue. You may want to have a back-up plan. - Tai Shar 24th level Gnome Mage Llane Server	Tarrel Rockweaver is at 11,52	Merrin Rockweaver is in a cave at 38, 52. The excavation site is filled with 26-27 raptors, so try not to attract their attention- you need to go up the hill on the left side.	Tarrel Rockweaver can be found at 11,52. That's on the bridge just outside of Menethil Harbor.	Very easy the site is 34,43 and the guy i just to the left up the hill
/?quest=1302	James Hyal	35	30	Alliance	700 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Clerk Lendry at Foothold Citadel in Theramore.	N/A	Vincent Hyal	Clerk Lendry	Part of the Shady Rest In quest chain - completed in patch 2.3 From WoWWiki - the whole chain as of patch 2.3 [35] James Hyal (2) (from Wetlands) [35] They Call Him Smiling Jim [35] Inspecting the Ruins (2.3) Black Shield [35] The Black Shield (1) [35] The Black Shield (2) [35] The Black Shield (3) Hoofprints [35] Suspicious Hoofprints Theramore Guard Badge [40] Lieutenant Paval Reethe (1) [40] Lieutenant Paval Reethe (2) [38] Daelin's Men [38] The Deserters (1) [38] The Deserters (2) Conclusion [38] A Grim Connection [38] Confirming the Suspicion [38] Arms of the Grimtotems [39] Tabetha's Assistance [39] Raze Direhorn Post! [39] Justice for the Hyals [39] Peace at Last	The Shady Inn location is at [b]29,48[/b] 3 Quests to pick up here 1) Shield on top of fireplace 2) Plank in middle of inn 3) Hoofprint in front of inn You can skip talking to the captain before this quest..I couldnt find him :)	For those who have trouble trying to find the badge its on the planks that are in the Inn. I had trouble finding them (believe it or not) howveer there are three planks inside.&nbsp two are crossed and the other one isn't.&nbsp THe one that isn't is the one with the badge on it. Hope this helps.	Talk to Captain Garran Vimes (https://classicdb.ch/?npc=4944) afterwards. Kinda leads to The Black Shield (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1253), Suspicious Hoofprints (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1284) and Lieutenant Paval Reethe (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1269).	Inside keep, 'war room' on the second floor
/?quest=290	Lifting the Curse	30	22	Both	1200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Get the Intrepid Strongbox Key from Captain Halyndor. Use the key to open the Intrepid's Locked Strongbox. Intrepid Strongbox Key	This chest is securely locked.	First Mate Fitzsimmons	Intrepid's Locked Strongbox	Both captain and lockbox are on the same ship.&nbsp It's the ship to the north (not the one against the shore). Capt. is on upper aft deck (above water) and only a few mobs protect him. Lockbox is bottom of ship toward the front.&nbsp There's a hole broken open in the side of the ship (underwater).&nbsp You can enter through that hole to get lockbox.&nbsp Lockbox is protected by many Cursed Marines.	To kill the Captain, just climb up the rudder. Kill him and loot the corpse. Then swim around to the bottom on the west side to get to the box.	The box is in bottom of the northern ship. You can get there by west side of the ship. 14, 24	The chest in at the bottom of the boat the Captain is on. Its a bit tricky to get there through the boat. The easiest way is through a hold underwater on the bottom side of the boat. It is the northern most boat.	The captain is a level 30 mob, and spawns above the hold in the eastern part of the ship. With 2-3 people a very easy kill. You can fight here withough being under water, which is nice. After killing the captain you need to clear to the front of the ships hold to get to the chest. This is done by dropping through the hole in the deck in teh captain's room (among other access points). We did this by pulling the mobs 1-2 at a time back to the captains room, so we could kill them there without worrying about breath issues. Once most of the route to the chest was cleared we moved to the chest, killed the last two mobs, and all looted.
/?quest=647	MacKreel's Moonshine	30	28	Both	3050 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Take MacKreel's Moonshine to Brewmeister Bilger in Southshore. MacKreel's Moonshine Provided Item: MacKreel's Moonshine	What's the good word, <race>?	Foggy MacKreel	Brewmeister Bilger	As an [u]extra[/u] go through the [b]Thandol Span[/b] series first, finish by grabbing [b]Plea to Alliance[/b] from Rhag Garmason just south of the bridge first.&nbsp You can then swing by Refuge Pointe on your way to Southshore for a few extra xp. The guy that gives this quest is in the remnants of the west bridge of Thandol Span. The only way to him is by jumping from the north side.&nbsp Like [i]guidomuse[/i], I jumped from the right-hand curb.&nbsp It's a fairly easy jump if you can increase your jumping distance, eg. cat form, light fall, swiftness potion...&nbsp But, depite repeated attempts, it does not seem possible to make it sans buff.&nbsp If you're in a party have one at a time try.&nbsp Once someone has it then the rest can go clear out the dwarves (see below) while s/he smims around to the 'ramp'.&nbsp Then share the quest. Once you've made it across, fall to the water and swim east.&nbsp There's no mobs in the water here.&nbsp Don't bother heading into the little inlet you may notice, you just want the walk-able bank on the north side.&nbsp Head up this 'ramp' and you'll make it to the area where you destroyed the explosives in [b]Thandol Span[/b]. In Arathi Highlands there is a Horde group of 5 level 35's that walk this road from time to time, they're part of another quest.&nbsp Otherwise the worst is one or two low 30 mobs. 15 minutes is plenty of time to walk, run, swim, fly, hearth or dance your way to the town of Southshore.&nbsp Once at the SS inn, head toward the 'kitchen' and down to the cellar.&nbsp Unfortunately, I missed the other quest mentioned, a letter near the base of the bridge.	Also if you hearth with your hearth stone it fails the quest. =(	If you die, the Q fails.	Very easy quest for 3050 exp and 55 silver. To make the jump, use potion, Aspect of Cheetah, or whatever else you can use to get across the bridge. If you pan downward, you'll see the best spot to make the jump it's obvious. You'll have 15 mins to get the delivery to the basement of the Inn at Southshore. Before you do the quest, make the SS Inn your home inn so you can just hearthstone over there really quick.	Use Levitate mainly here. Important: you cannot use jump with spell. Go to the right fartest ramppoint before you 'walk' off to the ramp below, 45 degrees to left. Then immediately after accept quest jump off in water, heading directly to west/Southshore over water. You make long levitate walk. Thanks the spell has no cooldown, you can keep spell up while walking before it goes off. Look out for mobs there when you see Southshore. Walk more to left to keep out the aggro range, or you lose spell and fall in water. That happens to me, but swimming is no big problem because i have enough time. You need approx. 4-5 feathers for just 5-6 minute run. Over water is also much shorter than through zones!
/?quest=465	Nek'rosh's Gambit	31	23	Both	1900 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Destroy the Dragonmaw catapults. Dwarven Tinder Provided Item: Dwarven Tinder	The first catapult is before you. Will you set it aflame?	Captain Stoutfist	Dragonmaw Catapult	The catapults are at 47,47 in Wetlands. Just click on the one catapult and you will go through a quest dialog that leads to the next quest.	They are at 47,47.	This is a difficult quest to solo.&nbsp The catapult (from the road head into the camp bear left and it is halfway up the hill on the right)is surrounded by a large number of mobs and pulling them singly is difficult to say the least.&nbsp Once you have achieved this simply move in and you will see the active cog (assuming you still have the dwarven timber).&nbsp Clicking on this will start the fire.&nbsp At this point you get the next quest to kill Nekrosh himself.&nbsp For this I am certainly going to need some assistance.	Yes, this is a very easy quest. You've gotta be able to take 2 or 3 lvl 27 and 28 mobs at a time. These mobs do run when they get low on health so be sure to clear around a bit. I say that becasue there are alot around the Catapults. Also: The above coords are verified and are correct.	cosmos 47,47
/?quest=294	Ormer's Revenge	24	22	Both	1950 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Ormer Ironbraid at the Whelgar Excavation Site wants you to kill 10 Mottled Screechers and 10 Mottled Raptors. Mottled Raptor slain (10) Mottled Screecher slain (10)	Kill 10 Mottled Raptors and 10 Mottled Screechers, <name>. My co-workers did not deserve the fate that was brought upon them. It's time to even the score.	Ormer Ironbraid	Ormer Ironbraid	There are alot of them at 23.51, enjoy )	775 EXP 250 SW reps for first part of quest 2200 EXP 250 SW reps for second part of quest 2950 EXP 350 SW reps for boss Total: 5925 EXP and 850 SW reps nice exp , nice chunk of reps and for a skinner (29-31) ~ all mobs +point skillable. Quest took about 1.5 Hrs solo. Very easy over all 2 thumbs up XD	The raptors are from 27,44 to 21,51 circa !	The screechers are in large groups in the swamp so you have to pull them. Also, try to get them away from other raptors because at 1/2 health they will screech for help.	I did it lv 24 mage on own in about 5 min... As u leave site turn left n follow moutain till you see then just kill them 1 by 1 by draging them out... Not sure bout other classes guess any class that can long range them has advantage of not having 2 fite 3/4 on their own
/?quest=295	Ormer's Revenge	27	22	Both	2200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Ormer Ironbraid wants you to kill 10 Mottled Scytheclaw raptors and 10 Mottled Razormaw raptors then return to him at the Whelgar Excavation Site. Mottled Scytheclaw slain (10) Mottled Razormaw slain (10)	I want to make those Mottled Scytheclaws and Mottled Razormaws pay for what they did. Have you killed 10 of each yet?	Ormer Ironbraid	Ormer Ironbraid	they are under there you got the quest... they are lvl 26-27 an are at 35.47	basically just jump off the bridge from ormer and you'll just see loads of em there. (36.49)	This quest is easy xp. Finding Omar in the first place was the hard part. I searched the excavation site three times before finally finding a way up. So you can find the excavation site by tracking along the mountains to the north and west of menethial. The mountains generally parallel the main road. After entering the site go immediately left. there is a little alcove with at least one raptor. Kill him and look around especially up. You will see a small trail leading up the side of the steep mountain. Follow this all the way up. At the top is a cave where you locate the excavation crew and turn in quest. Then get the dino killing quest from Omar. He has a series. When you come back he will give you more dinos to kill. The first set is found in the foothills outside the excavation site. You passed them on the way to the site.	I'd advise doing this quest along with [url=' http://classicdb.ch/?quest=299']Uncovering the Past[/url]. :]	Both are in Whelgar's Excavation Site. Coords are 34,42.
/?quest=296	Ormer's Revenge	29	22	Both	2950 XP | Pick: [Raptor's End, Raptorbane Armor, Excavation Rod] | Item: Recipe: Curiously Tasty Omelet	Eastern Kingdoms	Ormer Ironbraid at the Whelgar Excavation Site wants you to kill Sarltooth and return to him with one of his talons once the task is fulfilled. Sarltooth's Talon	Is Sarltooth dead? Have you redeemed the memory of the fallen?	Ormer Ironbraid	Ormer Ironbraid	When you are in the site, there is a small path on the right hand side that leads upward, to Saltooth.&nbsp He is guarded by 2 lvl 25's, but you can lure them for a 1 vs 1 before you get to Saltooth (lvl 29).	Sarltooth frequently spawns on a ledge on the south end of the Excavation Site that can be hard to see how to reach. Go to the west side of the site and there's a path leading up. He frequently spawns with one or two other raptors with him.	he's up a hill at the back of the excavation site, around 33,51	~5min resp time	Sarltooth can be found on a ledge above the dig site -- you will have to make your way to the very back and you'll see a path of planks that lead up to him. He's not elite or anything, so he's easily soloable.
/?quest=634	Plea To The Alliance	31	28	Both	1250 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Seek out Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe.	N/A	Rhag Garmason	Captain Nials	46,48 for me	Nothing more to this quest chain. Follow the road from Thandol Span through the Arathi Highlands, when you reach a dirt road with a sign, follow it. Hand in to Captain Nials at Refuge Pointe (45,47) and don't forget to pick up the flight path whilst you're there!	these quests basically mean your done with the questing zone and tells you which zone to move onto next	The map now shows the right spot to find Captain Nials.	Sign to Refuge Pointe at 43, 55
/?quest=281	Reclaiming Goods	25	20	Alliance	500 XP | Item: Healing Potion 5	Eastern Kingdoms	Search the crates and barrels at the coastal Murloc camps.	N/A	Karl Boran	Damaged Crate	13,41 13,38 13,34	yeh 1 camp after the other Damaged Crate 13.41 Sealed Barrel 13:38 Half-Barried Barrel 13:34	The crate is at the first village (where you killed merlocs nearest the road). The barrel is at the 3rd (of 4) villiages as you proceed up the coast. The 4th villiage is full of the warriors and oracles. Be wary if you want to kill there as they are tightly packed and higher level w/ healers. Keep in mind, however that you need to click the object in the second village as well to proceed. You get some dwarf cheese at that spot :-) The objects open like treasure chests (timer) and are located between the huts. Very easy to spot.	Ok, so after looking and looking, i finally figured it out. ~ to complete this quest open the Battered Crate at 13,41. For thos w/o coords, when you run over the first wooden bridge leaving Menethil, turn right and you'll run past a small waterfall. You'll see the first Murloc camp ahead, kill them. The box is in the middle. ~ you are then told to find the Barrel. Go north from where you are, you'll find another murloc camp not far ahead. The barrel is in there, 13,37. ~ Again, same deal. Open the barrel and head north to the third camp 13,34 this time. For this one i didn't have to kill a single murloc. Open the object, complete, accept, and head back to Menethil to complete the next. ~ He doesn't wander much, i found him both times at the point where both roads meet the docks 8,58. Bing! 1500 exp for me at 24 for this last one. How simple was that? Congrats! you've just completed four quests in a matter of minutes. Happy hunting!	13,41 13,38 13,34 was done in 2 mins
/?quest=473	Report to Captain Stoutfist	28	23	Both	230 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Captain Stoutfist.	N/A	Valstag Ironjaw	Captain Stoutfist	Here's the way to find him: First, go into the keep. Pick a wing, left or right, and then go straight until you run into a room that has cots, like barracks. Next, turn either left or right to enter a room in the middle of both paths. There should be stairs and the NPC with quest 'Fiona Longears'. Go up these stairs, and turn right. Turn left up the ramp, and a left again to find the room he's in.	It appears that you cannot get this quest until you complete 'The Algaz Gauntlet' mission given by Mountaineer Rockgar in Loch Modan.	Classic quest chain: 1) Kill some mobs over there... 2) OK now, you know those mobs you killed? There something we need you to do right there where you were, so go back kill all those mobs again and do the thing we need you to do. 3) OK, good job. Now, you know those mobs you killed and that thing you did? We need you to run back one more time and kill this one guy. You already killed him while you were there? Good for you! Now go kill him again!	You need to complete the 'The Algaz Gauntlet' quest if u want to get this quest.	The NPC seems to be impossible to find. I'm inside the keep, and have been running around for 30min.
/?quest=468	Report to Mountaineer Rockgar	21	19	Alliance	170 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Speak with Mountaineer Rockgar.	N/A	Mountaineer Kadrell	Mountaineer Rockgar	Rockgar (and coords 25,10) are in Loch Modan even though the quest appears in the Wetlands category in your quest log.	How do you get this quest? Do you need to be level 19 or are there other quests you must do before this one? (I have done all other Kadrell quests to this point)	he's at the gate to dun algaz in LOCH MODAN coordinates are 25,10	Rockgar is standing at the gate. Cord: 25.10	Think there's a prerequisite quest - maybe to do with the keg of evershine...
/?quest=286	Return the Statuette	25	20	Alliance	1500 XP | Pick: [Icicle Rod (1.4), Mariner Boots]	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring Karl Boran the Menethil Statuette. Menethil Statuette Provided Item: Menethil Statuette	Do you have the statuette?	Half-buried Barrel	Karl Boran	im a lvl 60 Warrior and PvP a ton. So one day waiting for BG i decided to go ahead and do this quest just because it's easy money. To answer everyones question about the statuette. When you copmlete the third part of the quest and need to bring the statuette back, they give you it and it's already in your bag. No need to go find it. Hollowace Windrunner 60 Warrior	not bad rewards and 14,36 is right for last quest	when/If u read the quest log did u notice that it was a statue of a young paladin? and the item is called menethil statue.. Arthas Menethil :)	Damaged Crate 13.41 Sealed Barrel 13:38 Half-Barried Barrel 13:34	You get to choose between two rewards for this quest, a pair of boots and a staff. The boots sell for 10s, the staff for 34s, so if you plan on selling the reward, go for the staff!
/?quest=285	Search More Hovels	25	20	Alliance	1000 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Continue searching the Murloc hovels for the Menethil Statuette.	N/A	Sealed Barrel	Half-buried Barrel	loc. 13.34	Took me a bit of searching to find the last barrel - the Half-Buried Barrel is at 13,34 - due north of the 2nd camp. Edited, Tue Jan 4 02:33:19 2005	The camp is before you reach the ruined ships. When heading north, the Half-Buried Barrel is next to the stilt of the eastern most hut. You will recognize the camp because of a semicircular 'barrel' in the ground. That's not what you click. What you are looking for is actually a small cask.	The barrel it's 13,34 and you DON'T need lockpicking!	Half-barried barrel @ 13:34
/?quest=455	The Algaz Gauntlet	21	19	Alliance	1250 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Traverse Dun Algaz. Kill 8 Dragonmaw Scouts and 6 Dragonmaw Grunts. Report to Valstag Ironjaw in Menethil Harbor. Traverse Dun Algaz Traverse Dun Algaz	You're coming from Loch Modan? How is the orc situation at Algaz Gate?	Mountaineer Rockgar	Valstag Ironjaw	'traverse Dun Algaz' aka continue down the road to wetlands	This quest is rather easy. Go through the tunnel and on the left there is a camp of said orcs. They can be pulled one at a time, just be careful as they are runners. To complete the satisfy objective, just continue through the rest of the tunnels until you reach the wetlands. Then onto Menthril Harbor to turn in.	If you had trouble on the Algaz Gauntlet, and you could not get the question mark yellow... check the quest.&nbsp It says you have to traverse the whole trail... and if you did like me... and had to go back to Loch Modan and flew.... then you didn't get credit for completing the task.. go back to the point of the fight... at least... then finish the tunnel out and the question mark will be yellow... I did, and it worked fine...&nbsp It's picky but it's the quest.. You can look at your quest log and if it does not say complete by the quest, then something was omitted.. most likely the finishing the exact course by foot... to Menethil Good questing to you all	50,80 in between the tunnels	This took a while with my 21 mage because I kept getting jumped by multiple guys when I made my way in to the grunts.&nbsp Then I'd have to run/blink out and have to kill most of the scouts to get back in which took time.&nbsp I figured out if you are facing the camp to the right you can go up on the side of the hill (just time the scout movements so you can stay far enough away from them), then cross the big fallen tree to the left side and get to the grunts by staying up on the left side of the hill away from the scouts.&nbsp It's kind of a back door approach that got me the last of the grunts.&nbsp Just try to pull them up the hill one by one.&nbsp Unfortunately for some reason I got to the harbor and didn't satisfy the traverse part of the quest so no clue what happened there.
/?quest=289	The Cursed Crew	29	22	Both	1750 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 13 Cursed Sailors, 5 Cursed Marines and First Mate Snellig. Bring Snellig's Snuffbox to First Mate Fitzsimmons in Menethil Harbor. Cursed Sailor slain (13) Cursed Marine slain (5) Snellig's Snuffbox	In my dreams, I can sometimes hear the doomed moans of my brethren! Please, good sir, free them from the bonds and quiet their cries.	First Mate Fitzsimmons	First Mate Fitzsimmons	We don't care that you 'SOLOED' it. This is not that great a help. The website is supposed to help guide you. Give some coordinates so I can get there without having to waste time. Everyone is way too concerned with saying how easily they aced the thing.	surprised nobody bothered to list the coordinates of the ship:&nbsp 14,29	First mate Snellig is located on the first ship nearest the shore. He spawns just inside the hole on the east side of the ship by the shoreline.	First mate Snellig is located on the first ship nearest the shore.&nbsp He spawns just inside the hole on the east side of the ship by the shoreline.	The box drops from First Mate Snellig. He's in bottom of first ship.
/?quest=303	The Dark Iron War	30 Group	25	Both	2450 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Motley Garmason at Dun Modr wants you to kill 10 Dark Iron Dwarves, 5 Dark Iron Tunnelers, 5 Dark Iron Saboteurs and 5 Dark Iron Demolitionists. Dark Iron Dwarf slain (10) Dark Iron Tunneler slain (5) Dark Iron Saboteur slain (5) Dark Iron Demolitionist slain (5)	Roggo has been unable to contact the reserve forces. We need offensive pressure on that Dark Iron encampment, <class>. Now get back out there and serve your duty to King Magni!	Motley Garmason	Motley Garmason	Opens up https://classicdb.ch/?quest=378 (Kill Kam Deepfury in the Stockades)	This is one of those 'WTF?!' quests, not so much for its degree of difficulty, but because it is a prerequisite for a quest in a lower level dungeon. Before you can pick up 'The Fury Runs Deep', which is to kill the level 25 [npc=1666] in [zone=717], you have to kill [i]thirty[/i] level 27-31 Dark Iron dwarves in northern Wetlands. By comparison, the similar quests to kill [url=quest=386]Targorr[/url] and [url=quest=377]Dextren Ward[/url] have no prerequisites at all.	For thos who need coords. It's 59,24.	Read the other reviews, but decided there had to be a better way to get Demo's without having to pry them out from the camps... Go to the Inn at the end of Dun Modr (left hand side at the end of the valley).&nbsp There are two Demo's in the back room and another one below.... and no escorts..... plus you have to get through 3-4 tunnelers as well so you can get rid 50% of the req	In the area 46, 16 you find the mobs I hate this quest, took long time...
/?quest=292	The Eye of Paleth	30	22	Both	1200 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring the Cursed Eye of Paleth to Glorin Steelbrow. Cursed Eye of Paleth Provided Item: Cursed Eye of Paleth	That drunk Fitzsimmons sent you to me? Well, you can tell him I don't have any extra ale. He's going to have to panhandle someone else!	Intrepid's Locked Strongbox	Glorin Steelbrow	you return the quest in the Menethil Harbor Inn.	If you are a warlock/shadow priest, is it better to keep the orb as it is, or still cleanse it? i mean, i'd give 3 stamina for 10 shadow dmg any day	The captian is on the ship furthest from land. He isn't too tough but be careful about adds. The box is on the same ship at the very bottom. This part can be tricky since there is quite a few creatures surrounding it. The box can be hard to see so look carefully.	haha once you get this, equip it. it sparkles and it looks really cool :O	Then for the chest, it is easiest with another person. Have him agro all the guys down there and make him just run away. Then just sneak in there and click on the chest. The chest is at the bottom of the boat, the same boat as the captain
/?quest=463	The Greenwarden	21	20	Both	825 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Find the Greenwarden.	N/A	First Mate Fitzsimmons	Rethiel the Greenwarden	Take the road to Loch Modan...keep going til you come to the Y in the road and a signpost to Dun Modr...that's where there's a goblin selling in a tent beside the road. Stay on the Loch Modan road...there is a huge rock formation dead ahead. Run down the road a bit further...on the right there are some lvl 26 baddies...look to your left...there's the big rock across the stream. The Greenwarden is behind that rock.	/mntloc 56,41	I found him at 56, 40. (https://classicdb.ch/?npc=1244)	Comos coordinates = 56,40	I'm always overwhelmed with quests when I usually take my alts to the wetlandshere's a list of what you should do first so you're not running around all the time: pick up all the one's you can (best to start at about lvl 22/23 here) [b]Young wetland crock skins[/b] (right of road as you go into the wetlands) and [b] claws from the deep[/b] (to the left of the road you'll see a broken dock they are in camps there the first one close to the road is the area gobbler usually walks through) [b] insearch of the excavation[/b] (it's to the right after two small ponds of water you'll past raptors. go to the left once you get into it up the ramp careful of the two mollted raptors pick up the omer's revenge quest too) go back down outside the site to kill the red and white raptors kill some dont need to kill all 10 yet, return to turn in other quests. pick up new ones repair sell kill the rest of the raptors you need go turn it in at the top and pickup the next raptors quest for the ones in the site, green and white raptors. you should of picked up a quest in town called [b] the greenwarden [/b] when heading out of town east about 4 inches on your map you'll hit a fork in the road take the right one behind a rock formation is the green warden accept his quest. the mobs you need are further south of the road on the same side as the warden was. turn it in and then do ooze and the 2nd part of this chain. kill the ooze for the [b] digging through the ooze[/b] quest they are back up the fork in the road go north they are on the left side. when done continue past through highland raptors to the coast edge to kill giant crocks for their skins they are bt the sunken ship and the raptors area, the spawn is bad though about 6 at one time finally turn all taht in when done and go back to kill the sailors in the sucken ship and the raptor lvl 29 at the dig site this a breif idea of what to do you're welcome to do your quest as you please just trying to help though so enjoy ^^ ps this comment is brought to you by the sad death of steve irwin, the croc hunter
/?quest=284	The Search Continues	25	20	Alliance	500 XP | Item: Dwarven Mild 10	Eastern Kingdoms	Search for the Menethil Statuette.	N/A	Damaged Crate	Sealed Barrel	13,38 - it's a 'Sealed Barrel', half in the ground behind the camp.	Sealed barrel @ 13:38	13.38 cosmos	http://classicdb.ch/?object=142151 ...where the barrel is for those of us who don't use coords =)	You have to do all three parts of this.&nbsp You clear the hovels in whichever of the three groups and you will find the first barrel or crate, then you will get a new quest to find the second, then you will get a quest to find the third.&nbsp There's no shortcutting it.&nbsp I cleared a group and found the first barrel and then did the same for the second barrel, but didn't accept the quest... cleared all three villages (and some others out of the area) but couldn't find the third.&nbsp Went back, accepted the second quest and found the barrel in the same village I found the first one in. Just go through the steps.
/?quest=631	The Thandol Span	31 Group	28	Both	2500 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Rhag Garmason wants you to locate Ol' Rustlocke.	N/A	Rhag Garmason	Ebenezer Rustlocke's Corpse	This quest seems to be a bit deceptive. It mentions the 'eastern bridge', but doesn't tell you that it is referring to the bridge directly north of you. About half-way over the bridge, there are two doors on either side leading down to a lower level. He's on the 3rd level down on the east side. He's a corpse, so look on the ground.	Cross the bridge heading north into Arathi (51,8) and turn right. Head down the winding stairs and the corpse is on the ground. As soon as you click it, Dwarves will spawn and chase you out.	Basically, I would say that this quest is labeled as [Elite] since the mobs that you encounter are elite. I firmly believe that this quest is doable without dying by any class at the level the quest is acquired. Solo. Here's how: Go north from Dun Modr and across the bridge until you reach the archway with the doorways. Use the eastern one. Run down the steps into the main room. There is another set of steps go down these. With any luck, you won't aggro until you get to this lower level. Run to Ruslocke's corpse, I think it's on the west side of the room. Investigate and quest accept ASAP. Chances are, mobs will be pounding on you. This room has two exits on the level you're on, one right next to the corpse. Run out it. You are on a balcony. Make like 007 in Goldeneye and dive. You'll hit the water, safe and sound. NE of the bridge is a climable bank. You can then sprint past mobs and get back to Dun Modr. Incidentally, since you'll be coming right back up here to blow up the cache of explosives, I highly recommend approaching it from this side as the mobs can be pulled in smaller groups from this path. I did this with a level 28 Hunter. Perhaps leather armor and a pet are essential parts of this strategy. Let me know. Edited, Sun Aug 21 18:35:06 2005	51,8 It's the bridge between wetlands and arathi, about the middle of the bridge you'll see a doorway, go down get body, I just jumped down (30 mage) used mana shield, nova'd and left	there are 2 doors on the bridge, take any one go down stairs
/?quest=632	The Thandol Span	31	28	Both	2500 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Report back to Rhag Garmason and show him the parchment you found on Rustlocke's corpse. Deepfury's Orders Provided Item: Deepfury's Orders	Any sign of Ol' Rustlocke, <name>?	Ebenezer Rustlocke's Corpse	Rhag Garmason	The body is at the bottom of the stairs in the bridge pylon on the right. (The door on the right hand side).&nbsp You can do this quick and easy, just beware of the patrolling Dwarves walking around down there...seems like if you draw out one you draw out 4 at once. McCready	Two [url=https://classicdb.ch/?npc=4062]Dark Iron Bombadiers[/url] spawn once you accept the quest, after that just return to Rhag.	u walk across the big major bridge to arathi highlands and turn immediately right onto another smaller bridge walk across it, kill 4 humaniods and complete the quest	uhhhhh.. yeah.. so what? is he moved or something?	I forgot who rhag is... Help me plz!
/?quest=633	The Thandol Span	31	28	Both	2500 XP | Pick: [Dwarven Guard Cloak, Swampland Trousers (1.10)]	Eastern Kingdoms	Destroy the cache of explosives. Cache of Explosives Destroyed	The cache of explosives must be destroyed!	Rhag Garmason	Rhag Garmason	You have to go across the big bridge, and then to the right after the bridge there is a smaller wooden bridge, that leads to the explosives.	Cross the bridge into the Arathi Highlands and go across the little wooden bridge directly to your right. The cache is right in the middle of the camp, guarded by about 5 level 30-32 dwarves. Just right click it and watch it blow.	Just so you are warned, destroying the explosives has a casting time, so you cannot just just in, hit it and run out, you'll actually have to do some killing.	Location is at the border of Arhati Highlands and Wetlands. Big Stone bridge and from wetlands left you see wooden bridge. When walked across wooden bridge you see the waggon full exposives you can't miss it. Jump into the water to go behind them and kill them one by one.(lvl30) This quest is after you find the corps down in the bridge in one of the 2 pillar/collums entrany's.	Using the explosives will add the 4 nearest mobs so you will need to clear them.
/?quest=288	The Third Fleet	27	22	Both	220 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Buy First Mate Fitzsimmons a Flagon of Mead. Flagon of Mead	Oh, I'm so very thirsty! Won't you buy a drink for this poor, pathetic fool?	First Mate Fitzsimmons	First Mate Fitzsimmons	If you go to the inn, and towards the back near the bar there is a small guy. (it's the same guy that you use to make it your inn). the trick is they hide it on the 2nd page :)	You can buy the drink from the innkeeper in town. Will lead to more quests for that area.	Go to the Inn in (the entrance is about 10,59) talk to the Innkeeper and buy it for 13s 50c That's it!	For those of you who are unfamiliar witht he area, such as myself.. the entrance to the inn is located at 10.7, 59.7. The innkeeper is in a room at the back and he sells the Flagon for 15s	If you missed buying the mead when you got the quest, you can also pick it up in Stormwind in the Mage's Quarters. Buy in Stormwind for $13.5s @ Blue Recluse Bar
/?quest=276	Tramping Paws	21	20	Both	1250 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Kill 15 Mosshide Gnolls and 10 Mosshide Mongrels, then return to Rethiel the Greenwarden in the Wetlands. Mosshide Gnoll slain (15) Mosshide Mongrel slain (10)	Your task is still at hand, young <class>.	Rethiel the Greenwarden	Rethiel the Greenwarden	Two large camps can be found around 60,71	yea great location for you if you plan on staying at the location for 100 years most of them are fenrunners.. and only 4-5 mongrels [u]the camp is at 63,63 they are mongrel's and gnolls[/u] on that location be sure to eliminate the ones who are spaced further away from the tents and have a buddy with you if youre only lvl 20 on this. cause they attack all of them at once if you arent carefull and tahts 6 mosshides plus the ones you dont clear on the outside of camp	I found 2 rather large camps at 61, 71.	I hope you mean East.. Becuase to the west is mountains (The to camps are at 62.70)	Did some in Mosshide Fenn (59,57). then I went to the entrance to Dun Algaz: there's a small camp, easy to pull, finished the quest.
/?quest=299	Uncovering the Past	28	25	Both	2300 XP | Item: Silk Mantle of Gamn	Eastern Kingdoms	Prospector Whelgar wants you to scour the excavation site in search of the 4 missing tablet fragments: Ados, Modr, Golm and Neru. Ados Fragment Modr Fragment Golm Fragment Neru Fragment	Have you uncovered the four fragments yet, <name>? Ados, Modr, Golm and Neru...	Prospector Whelgar	Prospector Whelgar	Modr - Large Jug - 34,47 Ados - Stone Box - 34,46 Golm - Large Jug - 33,51 up path near named raptor Neru - Pile of Dirt - 37,50	If you're having trouble finding an item or two, don't forget to look on the ledge where Sarltooth spawns -- often you'll find one just in front of him. Other easy to miss places are under the bridges that span the dig site and the area just behind the raptor eggs, where the purple raptors are (near the ramp that leads up to the quest NPCs).	Worst spots, in reverse order of annoyingness: 3. Up where the boss raptor spawns - you have to climb a hill on the west side and walk up some boards to a ridge. 2. By a tree at the base of the ramp leading up to the quest NPCs - this is kind of far away from the rest of the site.&nbsp A few lower raptors hang out there. 1. A little hole in the terrain in the southeastern corner of the site, visible when looking straight down from the bridge up top.&nbsp Though you can walk to this from the floor level by going over a small rise, you'll never realize the spot exists unless you look down from above. The rest of the possible spawn points are visible in the main center area with most of the raptors.	Item location is random, as many people have said. Make sure you go up to the high area at the southern end of the site, where the named raptor is that is where my final piece was, and it took me a little while to realize that I could get up there.	Ados - Ancient Relic (Crypt) Golm - Ancient Relic (Short Fat Vase) Modr - Ancient Relic (Tall Skinny Vase) Neru - Loose Soil These are random spawns throughout the excavation site so it will take a while to find them all.
/?quest=464	War Banners	28	23	Both	2300 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Bring 8 Dragonmaw War Banners to Captain Stoutfist. Dragonmaw War Banner (8)	Have you attacked the Dragonmaw encampment?	Captain Stoutfist	Captain Stoutfist	The banners are dropped by the Dragonmaw Orcs at Angerfang Encampment, due east of Whelgar's Excavation Site. The entrance to the camp is around 42, 41. Be cautious while fighting there, because, although the mobs are reasonably spaced out, the Raiders have a tendency to net you and then run for help when they get low on health. Overall, not a bad quest. Good drop rate, nothing too tough to solo.	Orc Camp tloc 43,43	These dragonmaw orcs are a PITA to kill. They are levels 26-27, they spawn like rabbits in heat, there are a lot of roamers, they root you with their 'Net' spell, they dual wield like dervishes (i.e., fast), they run early (like at 20% life) and they run FAST. Worst of all is the drop rate on the banners - I killed 45-plus orcs to get the 8 banners. My experience is from doing the quest as a 27 druid, your experience may be different I saw a 25 hunter and a 32 paladin doing pretty well here. A druid can break their roots by shapechanging, but that takes mana, and they will root you 2-3 times a fight in the worst case. Its good to have a ranged attack like spells, a bow, a gun or a pet to kill them fast when they run. Edited, Mon Mar 7 11:06:30 2005	Soloed as a 26 Pally. I used Exorcism on the skeles to pull, which killed them very quickly. There is also another entrance at 41,30	I found the drop rate on the War Banners to be about 33%, so you'll have to kill a few Dragonmaw to get them. On the positive side, I also got 3 greens and a nice blue drop (Thunderwood) while grinding on these guys, a much higher than average rate, but I'll chalk that up to luck.
/?quest=484	Young Crocolisk Skins	22	18	Both	1750 XP	Eastern Kingdoms	Obtain 4 Young Crocolisk Skins for James Halloran in Menethil Harbor. Young Crocolisk Skin (4)	<name>, right? Do you have my skins?	James Halloran	James Halloran	plenty at 51,36	They're fairly rare on land, check in the water west of the bridge.	an easy quest, when you walk out of the menthil harbor, look to your right, and the lake under the bridge, theres a ton of them there	I thought these crocodiles were on land, but they are in the water surrounding Menethil Harbor, 21-23	a few of them are just off the road at 35,38. had a 50% drop rate. but not as many spawns as 51,36.
