# Quest Data for Kalimdor - Thousand Needles
# Generated: 2025-08-18 16:50:16
# Total quests: 63
# Comment scrape timestamp: 2025-08-18 17:46:04

Quest Extension	Name	Level	Required Level	Faction	Rewards	Category	Instructions	Progress	Start	End	Comment1	Comment2	Comment3	Comment4	Comment5
/?quest=1175	A Bump in the Road	33	28	Both	2650 XP	Kalimdor	Kill 10 Saltstone Basilisks, 10 Saltstone Crystalhides and 6 Saltstone Gazers for Trackmaster Zherin on the Shimmering Flats. Saltstone Basilisk slain (10) Saltstone Crystalhide slain (10) Saltstone Gazer slain (6)	It's bad enough having to clear out the wreckage of the racers without having to pick them out of burnt animal parts.	Trackmaster Zherin	Trackmaster Zherin	Here is a lot of 'em. Gazer: 77,91 Crystalhide & Basilisk: 78,63	2650 XP at level 34 (when the quest is still yellow).	Both Sides. Minimum Level Required: 33 You get this quest from Taskmaster Zherin, You can find him at/around the following co-ords. (81,77) The best place to get your gazer kills at the shimmering flats is at/around the following co-ords. (80,87)	you can find lots of Saltstone Basilisks at 77,59	The gazers and crystalhide are at 76,87 The Basilisks are around 73,59
/?quest=4821	Alien Egg	26	24	Horde	2100 XP	Kalimdor	Return the Alien Egg to Hagar Lightninghoof in Freewind Post. Alien Egg	I must know more about this mysterious egg, who knows what will hatch from it.	Hagar Lightninghoof	Hagar Lightninghoof	The egg location wanders between three diferent locations. When someone picks up the egg from one location, it respawns at one of the others. As a result, if you can't find it in one location, look in one of the others.	This quest is a reference to Aliens. The reason the serpent kills the dog before it jumps is because in the movie (either one of the movies or the game, can't remember which) a newly hatched Alien feeds on dogs (and other such pet animals).	thats 55,52	The egg can spawn around 3 possible spots. 52,56 45,63 41,60	Found it at 56,50
/?quest=5088	Arikara	28 Group	24	Horde	2300 XP | Pick: [Brute Hammer, Stingshot Wand, Clink Shield]	Kalimdor	Slay Arikara. Bring her remains and the Incendia powder to Motega Firemane in Whitereach Post as proof of your deed. Light the Sacred Fire of Life Incendia Powder Arikara Serpent Skin Provided Item: Incendia Powder	Have you slain the vicious serpent Arikara, <name>?	Magatha Grimtotem	Motega Firemane	The start of the path up to Darkcloud Pinnacle was at 31, 37. Head to the pinnacle that the Fire is at 38, 35.	37,35 28 elite not difficult for lvl 30 mage. you can doo eet!	[28+] Arikara Incendia Powder: 0/1 Arikara Serpent Skin: 0/1 - ramp /31,36 / - open your bag right click to the [Incendia Powder] an push right sacred fire of life. -&nbsp Arikara Serpent Skin: 0/1&nbsp &nbsp /37,35 /&nbsp &nbsp monsters - end&nbsp / 21,32 / whitereach post in thousand needles	Just a note if you do this in a group. Each party member has to light the fire. I did this with one other person and we ended up having to fight Arikara twice, as we both had to light the fire to get the quest completed (and lighting the fire spawns Arikara). You might be able to have other party members light the fire while Arikara is already spawned, thus avoiding extra battles.	Solo with 32lvl Rogue. After the kill just jump to the lake next to hill. Fastest way to go down.
/?quest=4881	Assassination Plot	28	23	Horde	2300 XP	Kalimdor	Warn Kanati Greycloud at Whitereach Post of the plot to kill him. Provided Item: Assassination Note	N/A	Assassination Note	Kanati Greycloud	Coords are 21, 32 <or> just west of the Great Lift... (https://classicdb.ch/?npc=10617) - Walk west to main path... follow that north and you'll see it just up on the left. - Follow on quest has 3 lvl 27/28 attack. - I used a heal potion and was able to take care of them as a 33 hunter (w/o pet out, I was just passing through) Good Luck!	coordinates are just 21.32 so easy quest i did it with 31 mage only ...	As Alliance you can get the quest from the centaur messenger, but this is definately a horde only quest.... this npc is hostile towards alliance.	The Cords are 21.32 I completed this quest as a 27 Shaman with relative ease. Being buffed sure did help alot. Easy XP on this one!	Did it with a 30 priest. Put your curses on them then cast fear very easy. cor, are 21,32
/?quest=1118	Back to Booty Bay	43	35	Both	900 XP	Kalimdor	Bring Kravel's Scheme to Crank Fizzlebub in Booty Bay. Kravel's Scheme Provided Item: Kravel's Scheme	Hello hello. And what brings a noble <race> such as you down to Booty Bay?	Kravel Koalbeard	Crank Fizzlebub	Well, seeing as he talks about Zanzil, this chain is meant as a prerequisite to it, but I think you can get 'Zanzils Secret' anyway, as another quest of his. I guess he got the information about Zanzil from another player or something ^^.	900 XP at level 38.	Leads to https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1119 this quest has a 2 hour timer.	There's a prereq for this quest(Which is not listed). It's: http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1117 . Could a nice mod add this?	Is this the end of the quest chain?&nbsp I hadn't done Fizzlebubs 2 quests up to this point.&nbsp I wonder if I have to complete them both before it continues.&nbsp
/?quest=1114	Delivery to the Gnomes	36	30	Both	700 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the Delicate Car Parts to Fizzle Brassbolts in Shimmering Flats. Delicate Car Parts Provided Item: Delicate Car Parts	You have something for me? That's great! let's see it!	Kravel Koalbeard	Fizzle Brassbolts	700 xp at level 35. The monetary reward is tem silver, not the ten gold and ten silver that are stated here (sorry, guys).	If anyone needs the coords... you obviously havent looked behind you lol Thats like free money!	leads to http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1115	The pre-quest is Parts for Kravel http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1112	N/A
/?quest=1107	Encrusted Tail Fins	35 Group	28	Both	3450 XP	Kalimdor	Bring 10 Encrusted Tail Fins to Wizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats. Encrusted Tail Fin (10)	Do you have the tail fins? If I can't protect our car from its own speed, then it won't last long in these races.	Wizzle Brassbolts	Wizzle Brassbolts	27.23	So... at ~33 you gotta travel half way across the world, to fight MURLOCS, that are ELITE, UNDERWATER...then travel all the way back across the world, for about 3.5k xp and 75 silver? Do yourself a favor. Stay where you are, and grind. You'll make 10x the XP and cash in half the time. Most idiotic quest ever. This would be worth it if they gave you a nice green weapon maybe.	I soloed this quest at level 35 (as a paladin). I fought the level 36 warriors (elite) and they were fairly easy kills. Just keep your mana up and heal through it. Note that these are now the only murlocs that drop the Fin.	In strangehorn vale around 25,25	23, 25 The Vile Reef (in Stranglethorn Vale)
/?quest=5361	Family Tree	35	32	Horde	2050 XP	Kalimdor	Deliver Cliffwatcher Longhorn Report to Nataka Longhorn at Ghost Walker Post in Desolace. Cliffwatcher Longhorn Report Provided Item: Cliffwatcher Longhorn Report	What news have you, <class>! Ah - a message from my brother you say? Well then, hand over the report!	Cliffwatcher Longhorn	Nataka Longhorn	its in Ghost Walker Post you complete the quest, Desolace location 55,56	Journey to Stonetalon Mountain north of the Crossroads, and then head west into Charred Vale. From there, head south into Desolace there you will find a road going south to Ghost Walker Post.	you'll complete the quest in Ghost Walker Post , Desolace.. Coordinates about (55,55)	The cords are 55,55. middle of desolace	If you are in the habit of skipping stone talon mountains you can still get to Desolace by running from Thousand Needles through Feralas. There is only one road and no threats on it. Don't forget to get the flight point in Ferales if you do go this way. Not a short walk, but saves you time later.
/?quest=1394	Final Passage	36	25	Horde	4200 XP | Pick: [Windstorm Hammer, Dancing Flame]	Kalimdor	Speak to Dorn Plainstalker in Thousand Needles.	N/A	Parqual Fintallas	Dorn Plainstalker	for anyone who thinks that the quest rewards arnt worth the effort, how much of those 2 books did you read, or did you just thottbot the answers how much of the warcraft pre-text, do you know, or do you just thottbot it, for someone who has never been in this realm before this quest is ideal it teaches&nbsp them the backgeround of the wworld you are playing in, the dev team has put years into devoloping this world in which we play, and that seems to be forgotton in your race to lvl 60. excellent quest imo for those who want to learn about the enviroment that they spent so much time in.	All in all this chain quest gives: 17600 xp 500 rep with DsT 500 rep with Org 500 rep with SM 1400 rep with TB 725 rep with UC	You forget that not all quests have to end in good rewards. For a new player, these quests are invaluable. This is probably one of the first mentions of SM that a new player will find--thus they have motivation to go & explore. You also forget all of the experience across a large spectrum of levels for this chain. In short, relax.	I got this game because i wanted to continue the story of the last series. This quest chain does an Excellent job of explaining the previous games (or summing them up). and it was a nice refresher. For those who power-lvl through the game and don't pay any attention to the story what-so-ever you're not Getting your money's worth. the wand is a small step up, but still a step up from what i have. and i gladly accept it as my reward. if your an ignorant 13 year old that just wants to have the best lewt and wants to rip on blizzard and call people stupid $%s and such all the time, stop playing. [b] Oh and for the quest, run around UC til you find him, don't be lazy,&nbsp half the fun of the game is exploring, and to [/b][u]Experience [/u][b]everything they created and put into it. [/b]	This is just going back to talk to the original 'Test of..' quest giver... Remember he's in the cave in 1K... You talked to him for the 'Test of Faith' quest... Oh and Grats on getting this done...
/?quest=4904	Free at Last	29	25	Horde	2350 XP | Pick: [Windsong Cinch, Windsong Drape]	Kalimdor	Escort Lakota Windsong from the Darkcloud Pinnacle, and then talk to Thalia Amberhide at Freewind Post. Escort Lakota Windsong from the Darkcloud Pinnacle.	Thalia Amberhide:	Lakota Windsong	Thalia Amberhide	I read some of the posts saying the quest was bugged but its not. You have to escort Lakota out of the Village and then she will&nbsp disappear. From there, return to Freewind Post and speak with Thalia Amberhide who is inside of the Inn. Everything worked fine for me. Lvl 25 mage.	The spawn rate here is high, so you'll need to fight your way down even if you cleared the path on the way up. Additional mobs spawn when she reaches each plateau, but you can start pulling the respawned Grimtotems while still on the bridges to avoid fighting them all at once. Lakota disappears once you get to the bottom of Darkcloud cash in the quest in Freewind Post to get the reward.	Her respawn rate is slow: I got there right at someone else started and there was enough time for 3 repops before she came back. She stands just outside the hut near Arnak in case you get there and are waiting for her to return.	She can be found at 37.26 near hut.	Lvl 29 Druid and I handled it pretty easily.&nbsp I stayed in bear form the whole time except for the one heal I needed.
/?quest=1120	Get the Gnomes Drunk	44	35	Both	380 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the Fool's Stout to the Gnome Pit Boss. Fool's Stout Provided Item: Fool's Stout	Hi! You have something for me?	Kravel Koalbeard	Gnome Pit Boss	After finishing this quest, Kravel will have the quest 'Report Back to Fizzlebub' available for you: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1122	This quest leads to Report Back to Fizzlebub (https://classicdb.ch/quest=1122), as does the goblin version.	I got 380 XP at level 42, and no reputation adjustment, for this.	What is the differnce between the two quests? Are ther any drawbacks, if i'm going to get the gnomes or the goblins drunk?	My rep with the Steamwheedle Cartel (the BB cartel) went up.&nbsp Didn't seem to matter which group I got drunk.
/?quest=1121	Get the Goblins Drunk	44	35	Both	380 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the Fool's Stout to the Goblin Pit Boss. Fool's Stout Provided Item: Fool's Stout	What are you looking at?	Kravel Koalbeard	Goblin Pit Boss	After finishing this quest, Kravel will have the quest 'Report Back to Fizzlebub' available for you: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1122	It doesn't matter who you choose to get drunk, you lose no reputation what so ever.	after you turn in this quest (or the Get the Gnomes Drunk) you have to go back to Kravel Koolbeard, and he'll send you *back* to Crank Fizzlebub in BB.	This quest leads to Report Back to Fizzlebub (https://classicdb.ch/quest=1122), as does the gnome version.	What is the differnce between the two quests? Are ther any drawbacks, if i'm going to get the gnomes or the goblins drunk?
/?quest=1178	Goblin Sponsorship	37	29	Both	700 XP	Kalimdor	Speak to Gazlowe in Ratchet.	N/A	Pozzik	Gazlowe	700 XP at level 34 (when the quest is orange).	Ratchet is a neutral town on the east coast of The Barrens. I know of two reasonable means of getting there: 1. Overland -- get to Auberdine in Darkshore. Take the road south to Ashenvale, and pass through Astranaar. Continue on a ways, and you will find a road which heads south. Take this, and you find a gate to The Barrens, which is, unfortunately, guarded by horde NPCs. Luckily for us, if you exit the road and go a little further east (basically just around the hill that marks the east side of the Horde gate) you will find a broken gate you can safely pass through. Once into The Barrens, start making your way east until you hit the coast, then follow the coast down into Ratchet. Nothing will be high enough level to worry you. 2. By sea -- if you have already managed to get to Booty Bay in Stranglethorn Vale, there is a boat from there to Ratchet. Note: If you take the overland route to Ratchet and have NOT already been to Booty Bay, make sure to catch the boat there from Ratchet. Booty Bay is another neutral city, has a hippogryph connection which reaches Stormwind, Darkshire and Westfall, and also has a bank. It's well worth taking the boat ride over now to get the flight connection for later use.	<snip> Deleted due to double post. Edited, Tue Jan 4 09:34:04 2005	He's at 63,36 Drelf, Level 27 Druid, LIghtbringer	Gazlowe is in the strange looking building a bit NE of the bank in Rachet. He will have a ? above his head once you are inside, but he will not show up on your map.
/?quest=1180	Goblin Sponsorship	37	29	Both	700 XP	Kalimdor	Speak with Wharfmaster Lozgil in Booty Bay.	N/A	Gazlowe	Wharfmaster Lozgil	700 XP at level 34	Conveniently, there is a boat from Ratchet to Booty Bay. Take it. While in BB, make sure to stop by the flight master there.	26, 73	26,73 in Booty Bay on the docks	N/A
/?quest=1181	Goblin Sponsorship	37	29	Both	290 XP	Kalimdor	Speak with Baron Revilgaz in Booty Bay.	N/A	Wharfmaster Lozgil	Baron Revilgaz	290 XP at level 34 (the quest is orange to a 34). Edited, Sun Jan 16 14:21:14 2005	The Baron is found in the very top floor of the tavern/bar in Booty bay. This building is in kind of the southeast corner of the arc the town makes around the cove.	27, 76	27,76 on top of the inn in Booty Bay	370 exp of 2.3
/?quest=1182	Goblin Sponsorship	37	29	Both	2850 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the Fuel Regulator Blueprints to Baron Revilgaz in Booty Bay. Fuel Regulator Blueprints	Much as I hate to admit it, that gnome team they have out there is pretty good. Our boys need every edge they can get.	Baron Revilgaz	Baron Revilgaz	Cozzle is at 42,18. He drops the key that unlocks the chest in a small house at 43,20.	Kill Foreman Cozzle ( https://classicdb.ch/?npc=4723 ) to get Cozzle's Key and use it to unlock the chest in a small house (next to the lumber mill) at 43,20	Lake Nezferiti is at the northern end of the zone. Booty Bay is in the south. The run in between is scary and long, so if you are alliance, at least, the best option is likely to fly to Darkshire and run form there. The mining operation is on the east side of the lake. The easiest way to find it is to exit the road just _before_ the bridge across the first river, and follow the river shore east to the mining area. Cozzle is on the second level of what looks like an oil platform just off the east coast of the lake, in the control building. Fight your way up, kill the two guards outside the building (Cozzle won't add as long as you stay back from the building entrance. Med up, then kill Cozzle. He is a level 38 mob. NOTE: At the time of this writing there is a known bug which prevents druids from looting his key. We killed him four times and I (NE Druid) never saw the key. My girlfriend (NE Hunter) saw it each time. Blizzard has confirmed this is an issue. Once you have the key, Cozzle's house is back on shore, further south, past the saw mill. Open the chest you find there and loot the blueprints.	He's in the cabin at the top of the oil tower. He'll drop the key which opens the chest in the home.	2850 XP at level 37.
/?quest=1183	Goblin Sponsorship	37	29	Both	700 XP	Kalimdor	Deliver the Fuel Regulator Blueprints to Pozzik on the Shimmering Flats. Fuel Regulator Blueprints Provided Item: Fuel Regulator Blueprints	<name>! Did you manage to track down the fuel regulator?	Baron Revilgaz	Pozzik	Alright, you have to kill Cozzle at the top of the lumber tower or whatever you want to call it. &nbsp &nbsp Coords are: 42, 18 for Cozzle. He drops a key that you take to the house South of the tower. &nbsp &nbsp Coords are: 43, 20 for Chest Just open the chest in the house and you have the Blueprints.	700 XP at level 38.	the coords are right if your in STV :P	First I found the locked chest in the house (safe) The guy with the key is in that construction in the water. The goblins are allmost lvl 35 and easy to take down but the guy is a 38 and his 2 'guards' 35. I called a friend of mine to help To silly die like that @_@ ones you have the key you need only to make open the chest in the house and go back with the blueprint	Once you open the chest, for whatever reason, don't close it without looting the plans, as it will eat your one-time use key and the chest will lock again!
/?quest=5064	Grimtotem Spying	28	24	Horde	2300 XP | Pick: [Desert Shoulders, Tundra Boots, Grimtoll Wristguards]	Kalimdor	Locate and retrieve the three Secret Notes in Darkcloud Pinnacle. Secret Note 1 Secret Note 2 Secret Note 3	Have you discovered what the Grimtotem are up to?	Cliffwatcher Longhorn	Cliffwatcher Longhorn	Secret Note 1: 31,32 Secret Note 2: 33,39 Secret Note 3: 39,41 They are all inside a 'Document Chest' (https://classicdb.ch/?object=176344) located inside the huts.	The path up is at: 31,36	31,36 To find the ramp, come off of the Great Lift, follow the road to the south until it deadends, then go left.&nbsp Immediately on the left is a totem.&nbsp The path up is there note 1 31,32 note 2 34,40 note 3 39,42 And my name will be written in The Book Of Legends	31,36 - you'll see a very grim-looking totem at the entrance.	I recommend to pick up this quest from the poster to do at the same time when you are up there: http://classicdb.ch/?quest=5147
/?quest=1105	Hardened Shells	30	28	Both	2450 XP	Kalimdor	Bring 9 Hardened Tortoise Shells to Wizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats. Hardened Tortoise Shell (9)	My brother is making progress with his new fuel design, and that has me worried. I need to start work on a tortoise shell fuel tank as soon as possible!	Wizzle Brassbolts	Wizzle Brassbolts	The drop rate does seem very low and the maps for where the things are are a little deceptive. Best place to kill bunches of the turtles is 82, 56 near a derelict ship.	Soloed at lvl 32, NE Rogue. Easy quest. Here's how I did it. Headed directly north from the Raceway HQ till I saw a boat half buried in the sand. You can't miss it either. Besides the fact that there were about [b]17-18[/b] Snappers bumbling around it, it's a large object as well! Best of all though, there are no baddies in the area the Snappers are in, they're just hanging around outside where the Snappers are. The drop ratio I seemed to have here was actually about [b]45-55%[/b] and they also dropped some nice items for the AH, even got one blue letter sword! The coords for the ship, if you're using Cosmos(which if you're not you need to!), [b]are: X82, Y55[/b]. These are the exact coords while standing under the prow of the ship. I also found one other place that seems to be pretty decent though I was done when I found it. On the eastern wall of the shimmering flats, about halfway up is a rocket car(otherwise known as a Pod Racer for the SW geeks) embedded about halfway up the wall. To get here, head directly east of the Raceway HQ. [b]The coords are: X86, Y76[/b]. In front of that is a pretty decent grouping of snappers, but they are mingled with Saltstone Crystalhides and Scorpid Terrors so look out! I decided to post this as allot of people in my guild that are at the point of doing this quest have been asking me how I did it. This has seemed to work out well for all of them, so I hope this helps anyone reading this!	The turtles that you kill for this quest also drop Turtle Meat (https://classicdb.ch/?item=3712). SAVE IT! You'll need it for the quest 'Soothing Turtle Bisque' in Hillsbrad. (Alli: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=555 -- Horde: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=7321)	2450 XP at level 34 (when the quest is green).	Huge cluster of turtles at 82,54 around the ship.
/?quest=5762	Hemet Nesingwary	31	28	Both	1250 XP	Kalimdor	Take Kravel's Crate to Hemet Nesingwary in Stranglethorn. Kravel's Crate Provided Item: Kravel's Crate	Is that desert dust on your collar?Hm... if my nose tells true, I'd say it's not desert dust, it's desert salt! Been to the Shimmering Flats, have you?	Kravel Koalbeard	Hemet Nesingwary	1250 XP at level 44 (the quest is yellow at that level).	The camp is pretty easy to find. Enter Stranglethorn Vale from the north (Duskwood). Take the road south a brief ways. After the first bridge over a river, immediately leave the road and head west along the river. You will see the camp quickly (it's visible from the road actually). In addition to a number of quest NPCs in the camp, there is also a leather armor vender -- something to keep in mind when you need armor repairs.	He is at 35,10	If your entering Stranglethorn from Duskwood, just go down the path till you see the river. Jump down and you'll see a camp. If your coming from Grom'Grol or Booty bay, head North to the first river of Stranglethorn and follow the river west into the sea.	I can't imagine trying to do this quest on a PvP server--I play on Perenolde, which is PvE, so it was all right that there were lots of Allies in the area, but I would have died so hard if it were PvP. Anyway I ran this and Hunting in Stranglethorn over to Hemet at lvl29 as a troll mage--a little terrifying, but not hard. I didn't die, anyway. I came in through Booty Bay, via Ratchet, and ran up to Grom'gol, grabbed my flight path and headed back out of Grom'gol the way I came in. You don't want to cross back over the river, but take the other road from the bridge it'll take you north and you'll go until you hit the bridge that crosses over the river at the very north. Instead of crossing it, you just drop down and follow the river to the left--the loc mentioned below is correct. Just be careful when you're right by Grom'gol--lots of lizards close to the road that'll want to munch on you if you're as low level as I was. What's great is that if you run this low level, you actually have a couple quests here that are right up your alley--the young tigers and young panthers are lvl30-31. I know I was glad of them--I'd run out of good quests low enough for me to solo but I really didn't want to monster grind w/o getting some quest XP for it too. Those two quests were perfect for me. I got 1250XP for Hemet Nesingwary and the same for Hunting in Stranglethorn. Not bad.
/?quest=4770	Homeward Bound	29	25	Horde	2350 XP	Kalimdor	Escort Pao'ka Swiftmountain from Highperch, and then talk to Motega Firemane in Whitereach Post. Escort Pao'ka from Highperch	N/A	Pao'ka Swiftmountain	Motega Firemane	Sometimes the rare elite mob heartrazor will be flying around in this quest area. He is a lvl 32 elite mob and hard to take solo. If you watch his path it is possible to start the quest and get out of his agro range without fighting him. As soon as he flys by the quest NPC start the quest and you should be fine.	here are the coords for the NPC that ends the quest 21,31,,, gl !	The quest starts at 18, 41 up in the Highperch area. Go to the south-eastern 'tower' on your map and you will find a narrow path going up the back of the canyon wall. Pao'ka is right on the ledge. It's pretty straightforward. He doesn't have waves of mobs that attack him like other escort quests, but he does wander right into plenty of wyverns on the way. He's fairly strong and can almost take a wyvern by himself, so if you end up pulling 3 at a time, you can kill your two before killing his. As soon as you're out of combat, his health resets. He is buffable, unlike some other escort mobs.	Just did this on my warrior. The three wyverns bugged: I only had to fight one, the other two didn't aggro, and thusly despawned. I suck at escorts, so I guess I lucked out.	This one is a pain to solo for a lvl 30 Shamoo (Tauren Shaman) because the guy's AI is loopy.&nbsp He'll walk right past you while your fighting a battle and into a group of three aggroing them all.&nbsp Or sometimes he just doesnt stop at all and aggros every guy on the way.&nbsp For some reason they aren't hitting him when he's walking... kinda like the hunter pet problem where the pet can't move and hit at the same time. Im aggrivated by it.
/?quest=5151	Hypercapacitor Gizmo	30 Group	24	Horde	3050 XP | Item: Inventor's League Ring	Kalimdor	Slay the beast and bring back the Hypercapacitor Gizmo and Panther Cage Key to Wizlo Bearingshiner. Panther Cage Key Hypercapacitor Gizmo Provided Item: Panther Cage Key	Do you have my hypercapacitor?	Wizlo Bearingshiner	Wizlo Bearingshiner	Cage can be found at 22,24	That caravan really is just north of the goblin. It's almost within sight of him. Clear out all the centaur near the cage, as well as the patrolling cloud serpent and coyote. The panther is a level 30 elite. Two players at level 28 or better should own this guy. At level 30, several classes can solo him with a good bit of finesse.	Cage can be found at 22,24	Warlocks: Hes fearable. Did it at level 28 without getting hit once.	Uptain quest: cords 21.32 Warlock: a small pot, a lesser healthstone and your void walker. I used talents for instant corruption. cords: ca 22.24 clear all around, open cage, engage, attack with your voidwalker and dot. for the duration of the battle you are able to keep him feared while you dot him. 414xp for kill, loot: hypercapacitor gizmo. Turn in: Cords:21.32 reward: -3050 xp -ring (4stamina 4spirit)&nbsp &nbsp &nbsp
/?quest=1108	Indurium	39	28	Both	3000 XP	Kalimdor	Bring 10 Indurium Flakes to Martek the Exiled in the Badlands. Indurium Flake (10)	Did you find any indurium flakes, <name>. I have my forge heated up and ready to test them.	Martek the Exiled	Martek the Exiled	followup https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1137	51,66	If you guys don't have cosmos and can't read the x and y axis.&nbsp The location of the troggs is at a place called Agmond's End just below the Valley of Fangs. Thanks	You can do this quest at Agmond's End in Badlands, at around [url=http://classicdb.ch/?maps=3:500680]50, 68[/url], or alternatively at the back entrance to Uldaman at about [url=http://classicdb.ch/?maps=3:650430]65, 43[/url] (those mobs used to be elite before patch 2.3). The indurium flakes drop from the Troggs in these areas. If you're Alliance you should combine this quest with [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=739]Murdaloc[/url], since you'll have to kill the same mobs for that quest.	I got 2750 XP from this quest at level 39, when the quest was green.
/?quest=1192	Indurium Ore	42	29	Both		Kalimdor	I'd like to integrate indurium into different parts of our racers, but I need large amounts of raw indurium to create these parts. You can find indurium ore in the Uldaman excavation in the Badlands, across the sea in Khaz Modan. The gnomes are getting their own supply of it, so it's important we get our own to keep pace with them. Indurium Ore (4)	N/A	Pozzik	Pozzik	Do this if you need to waste time and bag space. You get 6 silver - no rep, no experience, no reward, no item to click that will give you back the time you threw away going to The Not-So-Shimmering Flats.	Blue ? - Repeatable.... Think its just free money at this point for running ulda. but the chain to get there gives a nice amount of XP and rep.	First you have to do these quests from this chain. [url=https://classicdb.ch/quest=1106]https://classicdb.ch/quest=1106[/url] then you can pick up this quest	[quest=1137]	You need to mine the ore from in Uldaman (there is definately some in the instance, possibly outside the instance as well - not sure), or buy them off someone who has some (possibly a miner in your group in Uldaman).
/?quest=1190	Keeping Pace	41	29	Both	1650 XP	Kalimdor	Have Zamek create a diversion, then steal Rizzle's plans for Pozzik on the Shimmering Flats.	N/A	Pozzik	Rizzle's Unguarded Plans	Folks this is the easiest quest you will ever do. 1650 x 2 exp. 1. Get quest. 2. Talk to Zamek - he's a goblin right nearby, should have a BLUE ? mark over his head.&nbsp Click ACCEPT. Then watch him run over and explode a bomb.&nbsp At this point Rizzle will run out of his hut.&nbsp Run in and loot the plans, looks like a scroll on the floor.&nbsp Click Complete then Accept the next quest (Rizzle's Schematics) 3. Return to Pozzik for completion. Couldn't be easier.	this quest bugged ? i have tried quite a few times but i cant find the plans and rizzle dont seem to be interested in the explosion	Pre-Req: New for Frizzle https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1137	The level 58 player must have already done it and forgot about it or something - other than that, I have no explaination. I did this quest today.&nbsp It was very simple. Scout the Gnome's side of the pit.&nbsp You will find Rizzle standing atop of the schematics in question.&nbsp He is inside a hut. Accept the quest from Pozzik, and then talk to Zamek. When Zamek heads off to plant his bomb DO NOT follow him - go straight to the schematic on the floor and wait. When the bomb explodes, Rizzle will go investigate.&nbsp Right click on the plans, and complete the quest.	I can't get this quest, which means there's something I haven't done yet.&nbsp Anyone got any idea?
/?quest=1176	Load Lightening	30	29	Both	1850 XP	Kalimdor	Get 10 Hollow Vulture Bones for Pozzik in the Shimmering Flats. Hollow Vulture Bone (10)	Do you have those bones for me? I was just about to start working on lightening the steering rig, but I don't want to open her up without all the parts I need.	Pozzik	Pozzik	Have to kill Salt Flats Scavengers. Good location is at 87,66 around a large skeleton in the sand. Soloed as a level 32 Dwarf Warrior easily.	there dotted all around there, but at 85,66 there is a large group. btw every single kill of the salt flats scavengers drops one of the required hollow vulture bones. rEs	Vultures can be found all the way around the track, but there is a small camp of them halfway down the track on the east side of it. The bones are a reasonably common drop, maybe once every 2 or 2.5 kills. When you get this quest, make sure you get all the other quests at the race track too. There is one to kill scorpians, another to kill turtles, and a 4th to collect race car debris. Having all fou at the same time lets you circle the race track killing things, and virtually everything you do contributes to one quest or another.	The drop rate of Hollow Vulture Bones appears to be 100%.	I found 6 vultures at 88,65 Killed them all and after 20 minutes they had still not respawned.&nbsp The respawn rate on the Vultures is not good at all.&nbsp Good Luck All.
/?quest=1100	Lonebrow's Journal	34 Group	29	Alliance	1350 XP	Kalimdor	Read Henrig Lonebrow's Journal. Lonebrow's Journal Provided Item: Lonebrow's Journal	From your look of concern, I can tell that something is amiss....	Henrig Lonebrow's Journal	Falfindel Waywarder	the book is at (30,24) and the guy you have to talk to to finish it is at (90,47) just get the book scan the pages all of them and go to the guy. the book wont allways be there it has a respon just wait for it then follow my directions. =)	Read the journal and then turn it in to Falfindel Waywarder in Thalanaar. (1350 xp at level 30) You will be offered the quest 'The Crone of Kraul' =D	I found him at 30, 24	Henrig Lonebrow is near the Graveyard in Thousand Needles, just off of the great lift. To my knowledge, this is an alliance only quest. His location is at 16,62, in Thousand Needles. You Then take the book to Falfindel Waywarder in Thalanaar. His location is at 13,40 in Feralas. It is then that you get the quest, The Crone of the Kraul to kill Razorflank. Hope this was helpful.	For those that spent a few mins trying to loot the body, its actually the journal in the body's hand that you loot :)
/?quest=1106	Martek the Exiled	35	26	Both	1350 XP	Kalimdor	Bring Fizzle's Letter to Martek the Exiled in the Badlands. Fizzle Brassbolts' Letter Provided Item: Fizzle Brassbolts' Letter	Well, you found me. Good for you.Are you here about that axe I made for Gath'Ilzogg? Or are you here to reclaim Duchess Pamay's honor?Actually, I don't care which it is. If you're here to fight, then let's get it over with...	Fizzle Brassbolts	Martek the Exiled	Getting to Badlands is a stinker as Horde, because you have to cross Alliance territories. The way to get there that I have found so far is to go through: 1. Silverpine Forest 2. Hillsbrad Foothills 3. Arathi Highlands (Watch out for Stormwind Guards on the road - there are both Undercity and Stormwind guards as random spawns on the roads in this zone.) 4. Wetlands (There are Alliance NPC's spotted along the roads in this zone, and an Alliance city, Menethil, in the SW corner of the zone. This is a 20-25ish level Alliance zone.) 5. Loch Modan (This is the stinker, since Loch is totally Alliance controlled, and the only way in is through tunnels. If you have a map of Wetlands you will see a fort called Dun Algaz in the SE corner of the zone. This is the beginning of a series of 3 tunnels that go to Loch M from Wetlands. The first tunnel has level 18-ish dwarf mobs guarding it - these you can whack. The next tunnel has a wandering level 30 dwarven guard in it and a second at the far end of the tunnel. These guys give no experience, as they are Alliance guard mobs, and they have elite-range HP. I could kill one as a level 34 shaman, but it took all my mana and left me at 25% HP. The third tunnel has the same type mob (one) guarding it as well, so there are 2 level 30 guards to deal with as you leave tunnel 2 and enter tunnel 3. If you have a group, no problem. If you are solo, as I was, you need invisibility, probably from potions, to pass these guards because killing them will flag you PvP, which you do NOT want going into Loch Modan, a completely Alliance-controlled zone. I haven't made it to the end of tunnel 3 yet, so I don't know how many guards there are there. I assume once you're inside Loch M you can run like heck and get to Badlands from there. There is a pass into Badlands in the south-central edge of Loch M zone.) 5. Badlands (Will post on this when i make it in there. Once there as Horde you can get a flight path that connects between Undercity and Booty Bay this is a big one.) 6. The other flight path, to Swamp of Sorrows (SoS): I know this is the only route to Badlands because I tried going another way, in from Stranglethorn and Duskwood from the south, into Redridge Mountains and Burning Steppes. The Steppes are a 50-plus zone don't go there unless you like graveyards. I spent over 5 gold in repair costs once I got out of there. Duskwood has an Alliance town named Darkshire in the NW corner, blocking the roads to Deadwind Pass (DW) zone, which you need to get to Swamp of Sorrows (SoS) for the other flight path Horde has on the south end of this continent. If you can slip up along the east edge of Duskwood, there's a tunnel into DW south of the road through Darkshire that goes to DW. Stay on the road in DW - it's a 50-plus zone. Once in SoS, stay on the roads, which are patrolled by Horde guards. Once you hit the Horde outpost at Stonard (take the right fork), get the flight path there that connects to Booty Bay. This is also where you must go to get the Horde artisan alchemy quest. Edited, Mon Feb 7 14:43:12 2005	You must complete the quest 'Salt Flat Venom' and 'Hardened Shells' before you are eligible for this quest.	1350 XP at level 38 (at that level, the quest is green).	I found him at 42,53 as well	Loc 42,52
/?quest=4542	Message to Freewind Post	25	23	Horde	500 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the Urgent Message to Cliffwatcher Longhorn at Freewind Post. Urgent Message Provided Item: Urgent Message	What do you want, <class>? An urgent message - for me?	Brave Moonhorn	Cliffwatcher Longhorn	Hi! and thanks for making this forum.. It has been a great help for me, and now I'll make sure, I can help others, which is in my situation.. Back to topic: The quest is quite easy. You get the quest from Brave Moonhorn south of the Southern Barrens (the north part of Thousand Needles), and then all you have to do is to take the lift down and follow the way. It'll lead you to a 'crossroad' where Freewind Post is marked! Rewards: 1 silver & 25 copper Experience: 500	- Urgent Message: 0/1 Cliffwatcher Longhorn in Thousand Needles&nbsp &nbsp / 45,50&nbsp / you must go to the south The barrens and this enter to the darkcloud pinnacle , and must go to the Freewind Post who is in this canyon.	damned ally kill the NPC all the time.....	Found him floating in the air stuck to the cliff at the bottom of the Great Lift. Very odd.. I have been watching him for a while and he keeps spawning on the lift and falling down. Sadly you can't reach him from the bottom either if you want to get the quest.	Won't give me the quest. . .Level 29 Shaman.
/?quest=1137	News for Fizzle	38	28	Both	1450 XP | Pick: [Fizzle's Zippy Lighter, Gnomish Mechanic's Gloves]	Kalimdor	Speak with Fizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats.	N/A	Martek the Exiled	Fizzle Brassbolts	After talking to Fizzle you can go over to the goblin part of Mirage Raceway and get a quest to steal some planes. After stealing them, a repeatable quest pops to get indurium (4 pieces)	Get the Lighter if you are just going to sell the reward...it's worth more.	1450 XP at level 40.	Completing this quest opens up 'Keeping Pace', offered by Pozzik over on the goblin side of the raceway. http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1190	prereq quest of Indurium: http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1108
/?quest=4841	Pacify the Centaur	25	23	Horde	2000 XP	Kalimdor	Kill 12 Galak Scouts, 10 Galak Wranglers, and 6 Galak Windchasers, and then return to Cliffwatcher Longhorn in Freewind Post. Galak Scout slain (12) Galak Wrangler slain (10) Galak Windchaser slain (6)	Come now <name>, I know you haven't killed your share yet. Hunt them down, and I shall give you a reward for my gratitude.	Cliffwatcher Longhorn	Cliffwatcher Longhorn	41,41	COORDINATES: 48, 43 I headed directly north of Freewind Post and found of camp of Galak Scouts, Wranglers and Windchasers. Theyre in a camp along the northern barrier of the map. Wranglers and Windchasers were plentiful while Scouts were a little rarer. Theyre pretty well spaced out so you can easily move west through the camp slaughtering as you go. The windchasers have the ability to heal themselves and other centaurs so you may want to focus on these first. They also have a whirlwind spell which will render you immobile so be cautious. The wrangles have the ability to net you so be wary of that. I had the best luck finding scouts by looking at the entrances/exits to the camp. Scouts seem to serve as the guards for the camp.	It's not a super secret coord system.. It's just the % over and down on the zone. for example: 41, 41 = 41% down from the top of the 1k needles map, and 41% right from the left edge of that map (the map you see when you press M). Yes, it's (X,Y) from middle school. Also, blizzard provides those coords, the mods just show them visibly. There are tons of mods that do it. Some ones with small footprints imho are titanbar or fubar (google it or search wowinterface.com). Just get a location plugin for one of those mods (plugins are reallys imple, you don't even have to put them in 1 folder, just put the folders that you download into [Insert your harddrive and wow install destination, by default C:/Program Files]/World of Warcraft/Interface/Addons/ folder. Got it?	loc=41,41	Most of them try to run at low health, so take them out quick or be ready for adds. The Windchasers can heal themselves to full when they get low, so try and stun them when you see them casting. If you have any back attacks like backstab or shred, you can use them on the scouts for quicker kills, because they will often try to run away from you to use their bow.
/?quest=1112	Parts for Kravel	36	30	Both	1400 XP	Kalimdor	Bring Kravel's Parts to Kravel Koalbeard in the Shimmering Flats. Kravel's Parts Provided Item: Kravel's Parts	Did you make it to Ratchet and get those parts?	Wharfmaster Dizzywig	Kravel Koalbeard	1250 XP at level 34, when the quest is green.	Leads to http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1114	Walking/swimming from Theramore is dangerous for a low level. But the swim from Westfall down to BootyBay is completely safe. I have done it at level 1, with no death. It's a 10 minute swim. You might want to leave a low level alt in BB for trading with the Horde. SW of Moonbrook near the lighthouse there is a spot on the beach with no murlocs, just some friendly crabs. Get in the water there.	Location 77,77	N/A
/?quest=1148	Parts of the Swarm	35	28	Horde	2750 XP	Kalimdor	Bring 1 Silithid Heart, 5 Silithid Talons, and 3 Intact Silithid Carapaces, to Korran at the Crossroads. Silithid Heart Silithid Talon (5) Intact Silithid Carapace (3) Provided Item: Cracked Silithid Carapace	Ah, it been a long time since you've come to see me, <name>. What can I do for you today? You be looking like you've seen the face of battle recently. Good... good for the Horde and good for you. The more battle you've seen, the more helpful you'll be; stronger, too.	Cracked Silithid Carapace	Korran	You have to do 'The Swarm Grows' chain up to the point where you are required to kill the Silithid - then you can find this. Otherwise, you're just wasting time looking for it!	That's because the first two parts of this chain are a prerequisite for this quest: https://classicdb.ch/quest=1145 Once you've done them, you will get the item on the first kill. If you haven't, you will never see it.	You can do this one at the same time as 'The Swarm Grows'. A good loc is in the Shimmering Flats and Thousand Needles border: 67,84. My results: You gain 1350 experience. Your reputation with Orgrimmar has slightly increased.	To get this quest, kill some of the insects near the excavation in the southwest part of Shimmering Flats. You should get the carapace quickly, if not on your first kill. Any of the insects in this area can drop the parts for the quest. However, you have hopefully picked up the quest The Swarm Grows, as it stacks nicely with this quest.	If you click on the hyperlink above for the part you need, it will tell you which monster drops that particular part, where the monster is (by clicking on map) and the EXACT drop percentage.&nbsp Not what you found in your one little experience.&nbsp But what the drop really is in an exact percentage for all servers of WoW.&nbsp Obviously based on the law of percentage some person will get a drop on their first try and someone on their 20th.&nbsp That is why it isn't helpful for you to state that you couldn't get it to drop for you - in fact it is misleading.&nbsp Just look at the ACTUAL drop percentage and keep killing them. Also, drop percentages are useful because you can see which of these silithids is more likely to drop certain parts (in case you have only one type left) and then you can target your attacking on that particular monster. You will notice that the heart drops are kind of uncommon - in the 4 to 8% which means you would need to kill quite a few of the monster to get the drop.&nbsp So in the case of 8%, a little less than 1 out fo 10 drop the item.
/?quest=1184	Parts of the Swarm	35	28	Horde	1350 XP | Pick: [Dryleaf Pants, Bleeding Crescent]	Kalimdor	Return to Belgrom Rockmaul in Orgrimmar.	N/A	Korran	Belgrom Rockmaul	76,33 is where I found him...	valley of honor, in the entrance of warrior trainers	the npc is in front of the 'hsll of the brave' when u enter the valley of honor it will be the building on your right at the top of the hill	Belgrom Rockmaul is at 75.1, 34.1 in Orgrimmar For those who dont have cords, hes in the Vally of Honor in front the warrior quarters/pvp sign up area.	Located in valley of Honor not wisdom
/?quest=4966	Protect Kanati Greycloud	28	23	Horde	2300 XP | Pick: [Lightheel Boots, Loamflake Bracers, Palestrider Gloves]	Kalimdor	Protect Kanati Greycloud from the centaur attack. Protect Kanati Greycloud	N/A	Kanati Greycloud	Kanati Greycloud	It's fantastic when you're on the last centaur and then that rare mob centaur runs by with his pack of 50 thousand hyenas	I found this quest fairly hard for a start then after a few attempts it was rather easy. As level 27 [b]Tauren Druid[/b] the first thing I did was to Warstomp the herd then immidately Entangle one, back off and go into Bear Form. The NPC should quickly aggro one of them and then it's just about taking the one left down. Chances are the Entangle won't last very long and it'll be released too soon. If so, wait with shifting till you've killed the first and then Bash the second to buy you the time it takes to heal yourself.	Simple quest to do... 3 guys come to attack, I used 1 healing potion and finished them off. They're lvl 27/28 non elite. As a 33 Hunter (w/o pet out I was good to go). Good Luck!	It should be known that as soon as you accept this quest, three centaurs just come charging in from the northeast. I was caught unawares, so I failed the first time ^^	Easy. Just finished it and soloed with my level 29 shadow spec priest. It's basically just like Tankme said, 3 centaurs come and attack. Nothing special.
/?quest=1187	Razzeric's Tweaking	41	29	Both	3300 XP	Kalimdor	Retrieve the Seaforium Booster for Razzeric in the Shimmering Flats. Seaforium Booster	How'm I supposed to show my face around the track without a little extra kick to get me going? It's a travesty, I tell you.	Razzeric	Razzeric	53,56	Located at 54, 56 in Dustwallow Marsh (https://classicdb.ch/?object=20727).	Zoom the world map out until you can see the continent. Draw a line from Gadgetzan north to Ratchet. The crash is on that path apparently zepplins go straight down when something goes wrong. :-)	Where the arrow is is where the crash site is. [url=http://usghosting.com/viper/zep-crash.jpg]http://usghosting.com/viper/zep-crash.jpg[/url]	55,51 - is the 'entrance' over the mountains. If you came from the water, that is. The mobs in the water and around the crash site are 39-43. You can easily do this at 36ish..just watch the aggro and you're fine. I also find that aggro around the actual crash site is none-existent.
/?quest=1122	Report Back to Fizzlebub	44	35	Both	1850 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the Fool's Stout report to Crank Fizzlebub in Booty Bay. Fool's Stout Report Provided Item: Fool's Stout Report	Hello <name>. How'd that stout work out? It's strong stuff, isn't it?	Kravel Koalbeard	Crank Fizzlebub	Yes, this is the end of the questline. Where's my money Kravel, eh?!	Weird... The quest-line just stops here. You get a little bit of exp, and nothing else. Kind of sad, after traveling around the world a few times you get nothing to show for it.	Completing this quest at level 42 got me 1850 XP and no reputation adjustment.	The thing is. You can get one of the teams drunk, go back to Kravel Koalbeard and he will give you this quest. Basically after you have given Fizzlebub the letter, you have finished everything. So you do not need to get both the goblins and gnomes drunk. One side is enough. You can create a new Stout by getting the 12 mixtures again. That quest is 'Fool's Stout' You can not however, get the goblins or gnomes drunk with it. Since there is no real reward for getting the stout made again, I suggest you just give the letter and be done with it.	Both Alliance and Horde can do this quest.
/?quest=1194	Rizzle's Schematics	41	29	Both	1650 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the Sample of Indurium Ore to Pozzik on the Shimmering Flats. Provided Item: Sample of Indurium Ore	N/A	Rizzle's Unguarded Plans	Pozzik	For some reason the sample of indurium ore was returned to me after completing this quest. It can be discarded. There is no other use for it.	I thought I had the same problem as alot of you guys. However, it turns out that once you get the sample, and talk to Pozzik again, you get to turn in other indurium samples. It's kind of bugged though and it doesn't automatically remove the sample found in the gnome dudes schematics. Hope that helped, certainly helped me. :P	This also allows access to the repeatable quest http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1192	Make sure you go in your interface menu and turn on instant quest text. That will save time in this and all other quests you have to get in hostile areas.	For them who are abot confused, the guy u talk to is a one of those racer thing , he has a blue questionmark over his head,.. then u follow him, but u go over to the hut, make sure u have poot auto quest tekst on, and when he runs out, go in for it.. Easy =)
/?quest=1110	Rocket Car Parts	31	28	Both	2500 XP	Kalimdor	Bring 30 Rocket Car Parts to Kravel Koalbeard in the Shimmering Flats. Rocket Car Parts (30)	<name>, have you been out into the Flats? Did you bring back that load of parts I wanted?	Kravel Koalbeard	Kravel Koalbeard	good coordinates for this quest are at, 85-61, lots of parts lying around.	2000 xp at 37. Get the [url=/quest=1110]A Bump in the Road[/url] quest nearby too, since if you make a circut of the track, you'll hit the right mobs and the parts are strewn everywhere and nets another free 2650xp	Here is a map of some of the looted locations: https://classicdb.ch/?object=19868	Easy quest and you can do this one while doing 'Load Lighting' and 'Salt Flat Venom'. The best loc I've found is around the lake at the south of the tracks: 78,88. It's surrounded by plentiful mobs and the experience is good. My results: You gain 2500 experience. Received 30 Silver.	i found a lot of parts at 86,60 about 15parts or so, and the rest i found at 76,20 or around there.
/?quest=1117	Rumors for Kravel	36	30	Both	3500 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the Goblin Rumors to Kravel Koalbeard in the Shimmering Flats. Goblin Rumors Provided Item: Goblin Rumors	Did you get anything on Nazz Steamboil? Anything he might want to keep a secret??	Krazek	Kravel Koalbeard	3500 XP at level 38.	77,77	The note is called 'Goblin Rumors.' Single page, text is: 'The goblin Nazz Steamboil is really the son of a goblin merchant prince (Which prince? The price of that information is high.) It seems he much rather enjoys spending the money his family makes than he does earning it himself. So he stole a small fortune from his family's hoard and is now hiding in the Shimmering Flats. If his father knew where he was, he'd be sure to seek him out and drag him back home... minus a toe for his insolence.'	dream dust in the swamp was green to me but this one's grey.. quest chain that gets easier as you lvl? pffft	After complete, this quest will be available: https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1118
/?quest=5062	Sacred Fire	27	24	Horde	2200 XP	Kalimdor	Gather 10 bushels of Incendia Agave, and then consult Magatha Grimtotem on Elder Rise in Thunderbluff. Incendia Agave (10)	So, Motega Firemain sends word of Arikara...well now that is grave news.<Magatha looks around.>Arikara is a deadly creature born only to seek vengeance against those who have committed heinous acts.<Magatha smiles.>	Motega Firemane	Magatha Grimtotem	Coords are roughly 36,36. The area is a big lake on your map, it is pretty hard to miss it. I soloed this very easily with my level 29 priest, never got below half health once. These mobs do have a spell that cuts your accuracy in half, so I can see how that could cripple some melee classes. The objectives for this quest are stationed all around the area, some underwater and some on the coast. I'm fairly sure you could complete this quest without stepping foot in the water or fighting any elementals, but it would take much longer. Its worth noting that the elementals in this area drop Bubbling Water in great quantity, which is an excellent mana healing drink for casters. If you have herbalism and you turn on Find Herbs, the objectives for this quest will appear on your minimap.	You can find the lake at 35,35. Most of the plants needed are underwater. The elementals are immune to ice.	Being a herbalist helps this quest. [url=https://classicdb.ch/?spell=2383]Find Herb[/url] will show [url=https://classicdb.ch/?item=12732]Incendia Agave[/url] on the minimap.	This quest sucks as a frost mage. As in, every talent point you have is basically useless, and the traditional frost mage methods of snare and kite are impossible as this is immune to frost. However, after several tries, I came up with a strategy that works well to solo this, even as a 0/0/x pure frost mage (for all the good those talents do you here, you might as well be 0/0/0...). This is of course just my opinion, but this worked very well for me and I completed the quest with little difficulty after adopting these methods: 1. First, you must use Dampen Magic. It reduces all damage dealt by the elementals. 2. Second, before you pull, cast Fire Ward on yourself. This will absorb the damage, and Dampen Magic's effect will cause this to last longer. If you want to be extra safe, you can cast this 15 seconds before the pull, so the 30 second cooldown will be up at about the time your ward collapses. 3. When you fight the elemental, make sure you're facing a direction that's clear. The reason being, you can and should Blink out of its stun, but as you're stunned, you can't change direction. Make sure you're facing a good direction to Blink into. Don't burn Blink before it stuns. 4. Always pull with Fireball (or pyroblast if you have it). After this, you're using Arcane Missiles or Arcane Explosion only -- it's fire resist is high enough that you don't want to cast fire spells, at the same time, being as you can cast fireball/pyroblast before it aggros you, it just acts as a little bonus opening damage. Always open at max range to get as much DPS in before it reaches you. 5. Don't try to use Mana Shield, it really doesn't work very well; these things hit hard enough that you'll deplete your mana pool very rapidly.	I found the mobs hard to kill in close combat. Fist of all, they DPS is crasy. Everytime they hit me, they damage around 90. And when they critt they damage is on 130. Sometimes the mobs uses a stun that last 3 sec. They even uses a curse or something that gives you 30% chans to miss. For casters they are not so hard but look out rogue, warrior, pala and drood, you wont take 2 at the same time.
/?quest=1188	Safety First	41	29	Both	825 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the Seaforium Booster to Shreev in Gadgetzan. Seaforium Booster Provided Item: Seaforium Booster	As I'm sure you know, the Gizmorium can service all of your tinkering needs! How can I help you?	Razzeric	Shreev	50,27 in Tanaris	825 XP at level 40. This also 'slightly increased' my reputation with Gadgetzan.	after finishing this quest you will have a total of 12330 experience gained over the whole chin of quests	+the xp from killing mobs. If you get help from a lvl 70, and have rested xp you will gain totally: 12998xp at lvl 29. (+250xp for places you don't have discovered)	cords?
/?quest=1189	Safety First	41	29	Both	825 XP | Pick: [Razzeric's Customized Seatbelt, Razzeric's Racing Grips]	Kalimdor	Return the Modified Seaforium Booster to Razzeric on the Shimmering Flats. Modified Seaforium Booster Provided Item: Modified Seaforium Booster	Can you believe Pozzik put a bucket of sand on the racer? How am I supposed to hit my maximum speed with a bucket of sand under the seat?	Shreev	Razzeric	825 XP at level 40. This quest also 'slightly increased' my reputation with Ratchet.	This is the end to a very long quest chain which starts with Load Lightening (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1176) in the Shimmering Flats. It can all be started at level 29 and can be completed without leveling (with help from a higher level player). Making the gloves a very nice 'twink' item for the level 29 bracket.	YES. [b]You CAN get these for 20-29[/b], and these are the best gloves (Rogue, Hunter, some Druids...) for that level bracket. The amount of experience you get for this quest is minimal (maybe 20%?) if you get a 60 to run you through, outside of group except for the necessary kill parts. If you're doing this solo (good luck), it would probably level you. A Hunter friend of mine got these and the Master Hunter's Rifle @ 29 without leveling, with level 60 assistance. Good luck.	The reason to get these gloves instead of the blue BoE gloves you can get in AH would be that you can put the new burning crusade enchants on, as they are lvl 41 item lvl... Only other gloves I know of that you can put TBC enchant on is the Tiger hunter gloves from the hunting quest in STV - those have Agi and Str, so little better for DPS, but the extra sta on these gloves might make you survive a little longer =) And yes, you CAN get these alone at 29, but will prolly be a lot faster to find a higher lvl helper.. especially in Dustwallow marsh - this will also reduce your exp gain if you are close to ding 30. I got about 14000 exp for this quest all included.. some explore experience too.. all adds up =)	Yeah, and all the xp from all the quests equals out to 12330 =)
/?quest=1104	Salt Flat Venom	30	28	Both	1850 XP	Kalimdor	Bring 6 Salty Scorpid Venoms to Fizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats. Salty Scorpid Venom (6)	Hi hi hi! Did you get that venom??	Fizzle Brassbolts	Fizzle Brassbolts	Have to kill Scorpid Reavers for the best drop rate. Best location I've found is 72,73 around a broken down wagon, a tent and some other junk on the ground. Easy soloed as 32 Dwarf Warrior.	nvm they all drop at there *chilling* place... 72,73	You can find scorpians all around the track, but there is also a small camp of them about halfway down the west wall of Shimmering Flats. The drops weren't common, but not really hard either. Maybe 1 per four kills. It's best to do this in conjunction with the other quests requiring you to kill turtles, vultures and get car parts. All four can be collected from the NPCs at the race track.	A very good area is all around Weavles Crater. this is also where you find regular Basalisks for another Quests The drop rate for this quest is very low so it may take a while to complete -- this quest goes good with Rocket Car parts Soloed at 32 -- Shaman Good idea to bring Cure POison	I have killed over 30 of them as well, with only 1 drop.
/?quest=4865	Serpent Wild	26	24	Horde	1050 XP	Kalimdor	Report your findings to Motega Firemane.	N/A	Hagar Lightninghoof	Motega Firemane	Its 21,32 if your standing on him.	Motega Firemane can be found at 22,32	You must finish Alien Egg before you can get this quest.	To get to Whitereach Post head south from the Great Lift and when the road ends make a right. Follow the trail and you will see Whitereach Post off to your left.&nbsp It is west and slightly north of Darkcloud Pnnacle.	Motega Firemane is at this loc: 21,32. Just do some sport killing on the way there. Once you turn this one in you can get another, Sacred Fire, level 27. My results: You gain 1050 experience. Your reputation with Thunder Bluff has slightly increased.
/?quest=1150	Test of Endurance	30 Group	25	Horde	2450 XP	Kalimdor	Bring Grenka's Claw to Dorn Plainstalker in Thousand Needles. Grenka's Claw	You must be prepared spiritually, physically and mentally for the challenges that lie ahead of you.Too often do we rush forward before we are ready. I consider it my duty to the youth, no matter which tribe they belong to, to prepare them for the dangers they may face after they leave the sanctity of their home.	Dorn Plainstalker	Dorn Plainstalker	27,49	This quest is no longer classified as a group quest or as needing 2 players..with the recent patch they made it a solo-able quest now. Grenka is lvl 30 now and easy kill.	Ramp to cave starts at 27.5, 49.6	The cave can be found at 27,51. It is directly south of the great lift, along the cliff wall. You will find a walkway up the cliff face to the cave entrance. We went in with Mage, Shaman, Druid and Warrior...made light work of this cave and all that died inside... Warrior was a bit off though as he broke the boxes again after we killed all of the waves... We killed the second wave and he left the group. Grenka was in the 3rd wave of mob's. Good Luck...its easy if you have a good group...bit harder solo...but is do-able...	soloed at lvl 32 hunter, no deaths just walked in killed 1 by 1 and walked out
/?quest=1149	Test of Faith	26	25	Horde	1050 XP	Kalimdor	If you have faith, leap from the planks overlooking Thousand Needles.	Faith. It is far more important than some realize.It does not matter what you believe sometimes. It is just important that you believe in something.	Dorn Plainstalker	Dorn Plainstalker	Make sure you only jump off of the wooden plank! If you jump off of anywhere else you will fall to your death.	Lots of folks enjoy this part of the quest. You are teleported to a high rock precipice. Simply run and jump off the wooden boards. It looks as if you will fall to your death, but you will be teleported back to Dorn Plainstalker before you reach the bottom.	For those considering embarking on this quest series: I highly recommen it. This 10 part series will take most appropriatly leveled players the better part of a day to complete. What's in store for you? The series starts with a whimsical jump, contains some very difficult battles, and will take you all over Azeroth... including the Scarlet Monastery. And all through out you will be presented with some of the best game lore seen thus far.	The ramp to Dorn is at [b]55,45[/b]. Climb up it to a cave, he's in there. And remember to jump [i]off the plank[/i]. [pad][div align=center]'Free your mind, Neo.'[/div][pad]	I just jumped down without any buffs or backups, just ran on the plank, jumped off, half way down a 'Objective completed' appeared on the screen and i was teleported back to the questgiver
/?quest=1152	Test of Lore	30	25	Horde	1200 XP	Kalimdor	Find Braug Dimspirit near the entrance to Talondeep Path in Stonetalon Mountains.	N/A	Dorn Plainstalker	Braug Dimspirit	The answer is [u]Neltharion[/u] - came up as 2 for me	The coordinates are 78,45 good luck )	The entrace is (7674) The book are in (7574)Inside of the cavern The anser is Neltharion.. I do this as a warrior lvl 30	Braug Dimspirit: http://classicdb.ch/?npc=4489	it was definatly neltharion
/?quest=1154	Test of Lore	30	25	Horde	1850 XP	Kalimdor	Find the Legacy of the Aspects and return it to Braug Dimspirit near the entrance to Talondeep Path in Stonetalon Mountains. Legacy of the Aspects	Bring me the book after you've studied it. I will not ask you your question until after you have given me the book.	Braug Dimspirit	Braug Dimspirit	People who don't read and cannot comprehend simple instructions should not be allowed to play this game. Here are the answers. [b]1)[/b] Dor'Danil is in Ashenvale. Almost directly South of Splintertree Post and almost to the mountains. The area it's in is called Felfire. (If you are Horde you've FLOWN OVER that area many times) [url=http://www.goblinworkshop.com/mapper.html?AreaID=253&RecordID=5672&Type=1]http://www.goblinworkshop.com/mapper.html?AreaID=253&RecordID=5672&Type=1[/url] [b]2)[/b]Dor'Danil looks like a little house with a path that leads deep down underground. It's a little confusing inside but once you get your bearings you'll find the book on a table on a raised circular area. [b]3)[/b]The 'GOT STUCK IN A CROUCH BUG', my advice is either tough luck and start it again or tell a GM. [b]4)[/b] When you return the book to Braug Dimspirit, FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS WARCRAFT JUST READ THE DAMN BOOK! Don't be lazy, it has some interesting info in it. [b]5)[/b] Here's what to do when ANSWERING HIS QUESTION: [b](READ THIS CAREFULLY!)[/b] Talk to Him The dialogue window opens. There's a question and 4 answers. Pick the right one. The window automatically closes. Now Talk to him again... This time you see the SAME question and 4 answers again. DON'T CLICK AN ANSWER! WHY? you ask. Because this time there's another option to pick. It has a ? mark beside it. CLICK THAT ONE! CONGRATULATIONS! [b]6)[/b] If you are a level 30+ or have a couple of friends with you this quest should take less than a half hour. The hardest part is not getting lost. [b]7)[/b] Parqual Fintallas is in Undercity. Go to the 'Apothecarium' (check your map). Once you're there you'll find him standing on the bridge. If you still can't find him turn the game off and sleep. [b]8)[/b] In the Scarlet Monastery (Yes this part will be much tougher with elites and whatnot so you may have to level up a bit before continuing) the book you are looking for is to the [b]lower left of the red book[/b] in the picture at the bottom of this page. [url=http://mage.worldofwar.net/modules.php?op=modload&name=Sections&file=index&req=viewarticle&artid=52]http://mage.worldofwar.net/modules.php?op=modload&name=Sections&file=index&req=viewarticle&artid=52[/url] [b]9)[/b] Give the Book to Parqual.He asks you a question. Follow the steps for answering him just like you did for Braug. Then head back to Thousand Needles for a reward. REWARDS: CHOICE OF: Dancing Flame (Wand) 32.1 DPS / 1.40 SPD / FIRE Windstorm Hammer (1H Mace) 22.1 DPS / 2.10 SPD / 5 STA 4 STR + All of the XP you got from doing all the different parts of this quest! ------------------------------------------------- That's it. Done. If anyone still can't understand then by order of me you are no longer allowed to play World of Warcraft. Break the CD's & Format your hard drive.	When you go in the house which leads into a cave follow the path down. When you reach the first junction turn left then take another quick left. If you follow this path it will lead to a little platform in the centre of the room and the book is on the table.	I have yet to see clear, simple directions regarding how to find the book, so I will do so myself. Once you are inside the Dor'danil Barrow Den, follow the path until you get to the first large room. You should see one [b]path[/b] leading down, one [b]bridge[/b] going strait, and another [b]bridge[/b] going right. Take the path that leads down, and then go left into the next tunnel. Follow this until you reach the next large room, where you should see a central platform with a bridge leading strait and another walkway that goes to the lower level. The book is on a small rock podium on the central platform.	Dor'Danil is at (76,75)	neltharion is the quest answer
/?quest=1159	Test of Lore	30	25	Horde	1200 XP	Kalimdor	Find Parqual Fintallas in Undercity.	N/A	Braug Dimspirit	Parqual Fintallas	he's on the bridge in the apothacary quarter	He's on the bridge to Apothecary Quarter in Undercity. Easy enough to find.	[b]57.65&nbsp &nbsp On the bridge in The Apothecarium In UNDERCITY[/b]	his on bridge to apothecary quarter...	cords 57,65
/?quest=6627	Test of Lore	30	25	Horde	250 XP	Kalimdor	Answer Braug Dimspirit's question successfully and then speak to him again. He will remain in Stonetalon Mountains when you are ready. Answer Braug Dimspirit's question correctly	Life is full of questions, <class>. You will never be able to answer all of them, but with some time and study, perhaps you will become a little more knowledgeable.	Braug Dimspirit	Braug Dimspirit	The answer is Neltharion.	Neltharion the Earth-Warder was one of the five dragons who the Pantheon empowered with immortality, in the hopes that they would protect the world from any interference. Neltharion was forever loyal to his queen, Alexstrasza the Life-Binder, and his friends and kinsmen, Ysera the Dreamer, Malygos the Spell-Weaver and Nozdormu the Timeless. Nelthation fought valiantly alongside his draconic brethren during the War of the Ancients and finally banished them to the Great Dark Beyond, hopefully forever. Exactly where he went wrong is still uncertain. But soon, the creature that was once Neltharion became the evil, insidious force that became known to the mortal races of Azeroth as Deathwing. The Death Aspect. One of the greatest evils ever to breath the air of Azeroth, Deathwing, or Xaxas, as the elves would call him, is the hellish embodiment of all things chaotic and evil. Deathwing's career of treachery began long ago. Being one of the five Aspects, he asked the other four to 'join' him in diverting some power into an artifact that would come to be known as the Demon Soul, telling them that it could be used to protect the world from the Legion when all the dragons had gone, but he did not transfer his power into it and so weakened the others considerably. The resulting war rendered his race all but extinct, and the Demon Soul was made untouchable to him. During the Second War, Deathwing ensured that the orcs would come across the Demon Soul, and they used it to subjugate Alexstrasza, the Red Dragonqueen, and commandeer her progeny to their bidding. Deathwing, too, pledged his loyalty to the Horde, and in return, Goblin alchemists placed adamantium armour over the entire and considerable frame of Deathwing, rendering him almost invincible. After the war's end, Deathwing found solace at Blackrock Spire, where a clutch of renegade dragons were feeding on any humans who strayed too close to their lair. Ner'zhul suggested an alliance, and Deathwing agreed, taking his followers through the portal to roost on a mountainous island across the Devouring Sea from Zeth'kur. Deathwing was believed to be killed, but he instead was simply working to consolidate his power once more. Disguising himself as a human - Lord Prestor - he infiltrated the politics of the Alliance, and seemed set up to take over the nation of Alterac and marry into the royal family of Lordaeron. Meanwhile, he used his many pawns to maneuver the mage Rhonin, who his rival Korialstrasz had been using to attempt to free his lover Alexstrasza, into Grim Batol. Deathwing tried to frighten the Orcs into believing that the Humans were attacking, so that they would move Alexstrasza, and, more importantly, her eggs, north to Dun Algaz, leaving her open for attack and her eggs open to be stolen. Deathwing wished to hatch a fertile female dragon, with whom he could repopulate his dead race of Black Dragons. His attack, however, failed, the Demon Soul was destroyed, and Deathwing was sent retreating with the four other Aspects on his heels. The few survivors of his dragonflight, believing him to be missing or dead, have made their homes in the Barrens of Kalimdor.	He teleports you near Camp Taurajo if you answer wrong.	As an interesting bit of history behind this quest, if you answered the question incorrectly, you would get a debuff called 'Mark of Shame'. This would mean that horde NPCs wouldn't talk to you for (I believe) half an hour. The side effect of this was that you were able to attack horde NPCs. I know of at least one horde guild that got together and killed Thrall in this way.	Just in case they ask a different answer here are the different charrs in book (if you are too lazy)&nbsp Alexstraza: The ancient and powerfull queen of dragons.&nbsp Ysera: the dreamer mortal subconsious emerald dreaming etc.&nbsp Malygos: Spell weaver&nbsp Nozdormu: Master of time and timeless, bronze dragon.&nbsp NNeltharion:&nbsp earth-warden. protector of azeroth.&nbsp
/?quest=6628	Test of Lore	30	25	Horde	250 XP	Kalimdor	Answer Parqual Fintallas' question successfully and then speak to him again. He will remain in the Undercity until you are ready. Answer Parqual Fintallas' question correctly	There is only one rule I feel you must know if you wish to survive in this world: the more you know, the more you'll see.If you study, if you observe, then you will begin to see things in the world that no other <race> will see.	Parqual Fintallas	Parqual Fintallas	The answer is Ner'zhul. The 3rd one.	Ner'Zhul was 3rd for me as well.. Q: What's the name of the creature that became the Lich King? 1) Kel'Thuzad 2) Gul'dan 3) Ner'zhul Answer is 3).	Which creature became the Lich King? Ner'zhul	ner'zul is the answer	The answer is the same as always: the third option. Either you pick the wrong answer or not, you can do it again (as I did) but not without carrying on you the mark of shame. Shame on you! Simple! :)
/?quest=1151	Test of Strength	30 Group	25	Horde	3050 XP	Kalimdor	Bring Fragments of Rok'Alim to Dorn Plainstalker in Thousand Needles. Fragments of Rok'Alim	Rok'Alim is also called the Pounder by the centaur tribes in Thousand Needles because of the thundering his fists make as he pummels the creatures brave, or stupid, enough to stand in his path.	Dorn Plainstalker	Dorn Plainstalker	[url=http://myspace-821.vo.llnwd.net/00487/12/89/487289821_l.jpg]http://myspace-821.vo.llnwd.net/00487/12/89/487289821_l.jpg[/url] &nbsp &nbsp &nbsp &nbsp &nbsp &nbsp &nbsp Aproximate Coordinates &nbsp &nbsp (from upper left moving to lower right) ------------------------------------------------------- &nbsp (10,22)&nbsp (13,27)&nbsp (17,35)&nbsp (20,40)&nbsp (26,42)	I first saw him at location '1' but then when i had the quest i found him down at the '3' location... Easy to kill with group... Lucky a healer wandered by and helped us out... You should be able to see him from the main road down at the '3' location. 1) 12,27 2) 10,22 3) 20,40	Found and killed at 26,41. http://classicdb.ch/?maps=400:259415	I found him at 29, 39&nbsp on map.. the south eastern part of below highperch	As of 2.3 this is easily soloable, he is no longer Elite & the Quest is no longer Group.
/?quest=1179	The Brassbolts Brothers	30	28	Alliance	2450 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the crate of crash helmets to Wizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats. Crate of Crash Helmets Provided Item: Crate of Crash Helmets	Watch where you're stepping! Watch watch watch!! This is delicate stuff you see here, and if we're to win then it must all work perfectly!	Pilot Longbeard	Wizzle Brassbolts	Once by a group of Horde, once by two ? guards, but it is pretty easty to get to the flats.&nbsp Start in Theramore.&nbsp Go to Barrens, then South to the lift.&nbsp Two guards at the lift (28 & 30). Go down lift and walk south through the canyon. keep following the road, you'll eventually get there.&nbsp You will have to pass 2 large guards.&nbsp I'm a 28 warlock, the guards were ?.&nbsp I died but resed and went on my merry way.&nbsp Got to the flats.&nbsp Brassbolts is in the middle of the flats at the raceway.&nbsp Good idea to get the griff point in Gadgetzan at same time.&nbsp Quite a few quests at raceway.	if you have cosmos the location is 78.77	Keep heading south on the road in the flats.&nbsp You'll reach a pass through the mountains.&nbsp Gadgetzan is right on the other side of the pass.&nbsp Gryph point is on the other side of the town.&nbsp Outside of the walls.&nbsp Busy place full of horde and alliance alike.	Why would a YELLOW quest at LEVEL 31 require you to go through such a dangerous area?&nbsp I thought the colors told you how difficult the quest is.&nbsp Taking into account the danger of going through that horde camp on the South Gold Road, shouldn't it be a Red?	So can anyone tell me where Brassbolts is?
/?quest=2769	The Brassbolts Brothers	46 Dungeon	40	Alliance	410 XP	Kalimdor	Speak with Wizzle Brassbolts in the Shimmering Flats.	N/A	Klockmort Spannerspan	Wizzle Brassbolts	The person you get the quest from, Klockmort Spannerspan, is at [b]67,46[/b] in [b]Tinker Town[/b] in [b]Iron Forge[/b]. He is right next to the room of the Journeyman Engineer Trainer.	This leads to a quest to head into Zul'Farrak. It also ends up netting you the Carrot on a Stick trinket.	You do not need to enter Gnomergan at all all you need is to be honored with the exiles and be level 40	I'm a 45 Warrior and I've seen the ! above this guy's head for a few levels now. I think since 40. I have done all of Gnomeregan, but I highly doubt that that's the reason since there's people in my guild who have never stepped foot in Gnomeregan and still have their carrots.	I think all you have to do is build your reputation and you will get the quest offered.&nbsp Every one needs a carrot on a stick!
/?quest=1186	The Eighteenth Pilot	37	29	Both	290 XP	Kalimdor	Speak with Razzeric on the Shimmering Flats.	N/A	Pozzik	Razzeric	290 XP at level 38.	This is one of those 'walk 10 feet to continue this quest' quests. Immediately upon accepting this, you should see a question mark for Razzeric nearby.	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=1115	The Rumormonger	36	30	Both	1400 XP	Kalimdor	Talk to Krazek in Booty Bay.	N/A	Kravel Koalbeard	Krazek	1400 XP at 35, when the quest is green.	Krazek is found on the top floor of the inn/bar in Booty Bay. This building is in the SE corner of the arc the town makes around the bay.	This quest becomes available after completing [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1114]Delivery to the Gnomes[/url]. You will receive [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1114]Delivery to the Gnomes[/url] after finishing the [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1111]Wharfmaster Dizzywig[/url] chain quest. ([url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1111]Wharfmaster Dizzywig[/url], [url=http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1112]Parts for Kravel[/url]). Goodluck!	have to do Parts for Kravel first from Ratchet	In next to top floor.
/?quest=1147	The Swarm Grows	35	29	Horde	2750 XP	Kalimdor	Kill 5 Silithid Searchers, 5 Silithid Hive Drones, and 5 Silithid Invaders and return to Moktar Krin in Thousand Needles. Silithid Searcher slain (5) Silithid Hive Drone slain (5) Silithid Invader slain (5)	With the amount of travelers heading out to the Flats for those races, I'm sure we can convince enough adventure seekers to help push back those insects. My party and I won't be able to leave until we do.	Moktar Krin	Moktar Krin	Very easy to get swarmed when doing this. Try to pull drones away from any other drones so you don't get swarmed. The invaders are down in the cave, you must kill the drones for invaders to spawn.	67,64 is where you pickup/turnin the quest, it's part of a chain. 69,85 is the general area you find the mobs. A tip is to worry first about the Invaders- they are only inside of the little hive(Entrance: 66,86) and then if you get all 5 and don't have enough of the other two types, go specifically for them. Searchers are level 32 and 33 Drones are level 33 and 34 Invaders are level 34 and 35 You can also pick up a Cracked Silithid Carapace(Seems to have a high droprate) which starts a quest to collect items off of the Silithid corpses. https://classicdb.ch/?quest=1148	70.83	This can be a tough quest for melee characters (warriors, rogues) because the attacking the bugs seem to pull aggro at impossible distances.. i had 8 of them on me at one time, with more still streaming in from somewhere in the pit.&nbsp Since mages seem to have no such problem, i finally figured that using a ranged weapon ie. a bow or gun to pull away the bugs will not aggro the rest (unless really close..), and after pulling them a safe distance away they can be killed normally.&nbsp Tried and tested this, and it worked. As for the invaders, which spawn deep inside the tunnel, its actually quite safe to walk in and kill them.&nbsp There's a small offshoot to the right of the main tunnel, and if you pull the invaders to the end of the offshoot and kill them, the lone patrolling drone won't even notice as he walks past the offshoot entrance.&nbsp About three of the invaders spawn in the cave at the end, luring them out might take some time, but its best to do it after the drone turns around and wanders back to the start of the tunnel. Hope this helps you guys who hang around outside the tunnel for hours waiting for an invader to wander out&nbsp :)	You can find them from Tanaris at The Shimmering Flats, [b]65,86[/b]. Invaders are deeper inside the cave, gathered together. (about ~5 of them closer other) Also the yellow mobs, Hive Drones are closer, but they don't attack you if you don't attack to other. Some of them moves also from A to B so watchout them. :P
/?quest=5147	Wanted - Arnak Grimtotem	29	25	Horde	2350 XP | Pick: [Shield of the Faith1, Shield of the Faith0]	Kalimdor	Slay Arnak Grimtotem and bring proof of your deed to Cliffwatcher Longhorn in Freewind Post. Arnak's Hoof	Have you any news of that murderous Arnak Grimtotem?	Wanted Poster - Arnak Grimtotem	Cliffwatcher Longhorn	Way up at: 31,37 Arnak spawns around: 39,28	I went up the spiral path located off the road to the Great Lift and made my way north along the rope bridges until I got to the north cliff face of Thousand Needles. This is the same cliff face that the Great Lift is on. Facing the cliff from the last rope bridge that leads to it, to the right are Razorfen mobs, to the left Grimtotem Tauren. Go left. Arnak is located among the Tauren, along with that Lokita (sp?) female Tauren that offers the escort quest. He has a knockback effect so don't get too close to the edge. Heh. Hope this helps. Take care.	He's a level 29(Not elite), found at 39,28. He's up on the cliffsides, so you've got to go up through the Darkcloud Pinnacle(Ramp up is around 31,32)	These directions are terrible. Co-ordinantes don't do a lot of good to ppl who don't have cosmos now do they.&nbsp The entrance to get up on top of the pinnicals is following the road the south of the great lift. It's on the north-west side of the biggest one thats surrounded by 4 other little pinnacles, and has a little picture of house on it when you look at the map.&nbsp The path up is marked by a big totem.	Beginning of the ramp leading up to the pinnacle (and eventually Arnak) is at 31,37.
/?quest=1111	Wharfmaster Dizzywig	36	30	Both	1400 XP	Kalimdor	Bring Kravel's Parts Order to Wharfmaster Dizzywig in Ratchet. Kravel's Parts Order Provided Item: Kravel's Parts Order	Speak up! Tell me, are you dropping off or picking up?	Kravel Koalbeard	Wharfmaster Dizzywig	Wharfmaster Dizzywig is located on the dock of Ratchet at 63,38.	Ratchet is a neutral town on the east coast of The Barrens. I know of two reasonable means of getting there: 1. Overland -- get to Auberdine in Darkshore. Take the road south to Ashenvale, and pass through Astranaar. Continue on a ways, and you will find a road which heads south. Take this, and you find a gate to The Barrens, which is, unfortunately, guarded by horde NPCs. Luckily for us, if you exit the road and go a little further east (basically just around the hill that marks the east side of the Horde gate) you will find a broken gate you can safely pass through. Once into The Barrens, start making your way east until you hit the coast, then follow the coast down into Ratchet. Nothing will be high enough level to worry you. 2. By sea -- if you have already managed to get to Booty Bay in Stranglethorn Vale, there is a boat from there to Ratchet. Note: If you take the overland route to Ratchet and have NOT already been to Booty Bay, make sure to catch the boat there from Ratchet. Booty Bay is another neutral city, has a hippogryph connection which reaches Stormwind, Darkshire and Westfall, and also has a bank. It's well worth taking the boat ride over now to get the flight connection for later use.	1400 XP at level 34	This is part of a chain that will require a great deal of traveling. Should you decide to pick this one up, be sure to map out whatever other quests that you might be able to accomplish along the way.	I've a problem with this quest, when I try to get it I don't recieve the order? Anybody else with the same problem?
/?quest=4767	Wind Rider	29	25	Horde	1750 XP | Item: Heavy Armor Kit 2	Kalimdor	Bring 10 Highperch Wyvern Eggs to Elu in Freewind Post. Highperch Wyvern Egg (10)	<name>, have you retrieved the wyvern eggs that I seek? I'm really anxious to start my wind rider training!	Elu	Elu	There is a ramp at the 15ish coordinates. But it doesn't matter. Look on the FAR WEST side of your Thousand Needles map. On the lower left of the west side there is a cauliflower-like outcropping drawn in. That's where the eggs are. There are obvious ramps once you get in that area.	Eggs are in the area around 11,36. To get up there, the path starts at 15,33. The wyverns and consorts up here are level 28-29. The eggs are mostly around the rock pillars(I haven't seen any around the northmost one), 1 egg looted per egg object. There is an escort quest you can get up here, the NPC is at 18,41. While there are no ambushes, you do have to deal with the respawns.	ok enough of the coord. crap.&nbsp the ramp is easy to find. from freewind post jest head straight west until u hit the south wall of thousand needles and run west along the wall til you see the big totem pole and a ramp. thats it.&nbsp the creatures are lvl 28 and 29, very easy.	I can vouch for 15,33 I am standing on it as well	If you are horde pick up the quest 'Homeward Bound' (https://classicdb.ch/?quest=4770) while you are doing this one. It's a simple escort quest, just take Pa'oka out of the Highperch area, killing any wyverns in the way.
/?quest=1191	Zamek's Distraction	41	29	Both		Kalimdor	N/A	N/A	Zamek	Zamek	It is part of Keeping Pace quest	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A
/?quest=1119	Zanzil's Mixture and a Fool's Stout	44	35	Both	3750 XP	Kalimdor	Bring the Fool's Stout back to Kravel in the Shimmering Flats. Fool's Stout Provided Item: Fool's Stout	Hello, <name>. Was Fizzlebub able to help us?	Crank Fizzlebub	Kravel Koalbeard	There is a bug with this quest. If you accept it, you'll get a quest timer as well as a timer on the item. If you log out, the quest timer continues to tick away but the item timer does not. If you then log on later after the quest timer has expired, you will find that the item timer hasn't expired yet and the quest will still show as done (not failed, giving the impression that you can complete the quest). However, if you then go to Krazel, you will not be able to talk to him.	Wouldn't offer me this quest when I did the Return to Booty Bay turn-in at level 40 [:cry:] Maybe a level 41 or 42 minimum	Although at the end when u return to Booty Bay, he does say if u want to do it again, He will send u to collect more 'Zanzil's Mixtures'.. that is all.. He doesn't have any quests.. So, maybe it is something left over from before a patch or something.. But it means nothing Quest works fine.. 2 hours is MORE than enough time to get it done.. it could be done in 30 minutes if u have a mount.. For alliance, take ship in BB to Ratchet and ride the rest of the way.. And don't know horde routes, but since Barrens and Thousand Needles are&nbsp horde territory, there might be a FP or something that could dropship u pretty close.. Anyways, GL and stop all the bickering.. Have fun ! ^_0	At level 40 I was not able to get this quest after turning in 'Back to Booty Bay' (http://classicdb.ch/?quest=1118). I am guessing that you have to complete 'Zanzil's Secret' (http://classicdb.ch/?quest=621) first, although that quest will ruin your Bloodsail reputation for those interested.	I completed this quest at level 42 and got 3750 XP from it. There was no reputation adjustment.
